its their character not their color that matters
don't be afraid to love again everyone is not like your ex
putting bows on your pet
i love everything and everybody! except for squirrels i hate squirrels
everybody loves chocolate chip cookies, even hitler
go sports! do the thing! win the points!
fine you're right. now can we fucking drop it?
tattoos are bad for your health i know 5 million people that had tattoos and they all died
how long can i run? till the chain tightens
what is he hiding? we need to see his tax returns! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30,000 emails, used bleach bit on hard drives, then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about people hiding anything truth uncensored
jew mad? get fuhrerious!
removes polish with chemicals, nobody bats an eye
brother... a day without a blast is a day wasted
when you're the only dog left at the dog shelter and the black family wants to adopt you
voting for hillary is like letting casey anthony watch your kids because she's not guilty
they will soon be free
is it ok for your son or daughter to call another man "daddy?
most religions are religions of peace
when you find out there's an opening for the role of first lady
if people reject me because i stand on the truth then i have no problem walking alone
from the bottom of my heart i would like to sincerely apologize..... for being white
lets erect a memorial to all the americans murdered by an illegal alien make it 1,500 miles long 30 feet tall and put it on the southern border
just because they do this dosen't mean they'll do this
if there is no race it can't be homicide
here's to all my friends who never post about politics or religion
enjoying a day at the beach
when you come home from a long day of suicide bombinb and your wife gives you this look
is bribing muslims for liberal votes justin trudeau's only skill? why does justin trudeau love foreigners so much while openly disrespecting canadians, canadian values, our history and traditions, our seniors and veterans? sharia law has no place in canada! never has... never will.
when they take too long to blow out the candle
one simple question why are we letting one man systematically destroy our nation before our eyes? answer mitch mcconnell
d.j. osama spin laden droppin' beats like the twin towers
move to new york they said it'll be fun they said
my sandwich-maker is very slow today
when you accidentally fall in the toilet
two woman walking home together after a nice day out together
texas churches be like... pew pew pew
i don't always have a heat stroke and get frostbite in the same week but when i do i know i'm in kentucky
doesn't wear tampons because she trips over the string
when you can't decide to pre heat the oven or just throw the meal in right away
happy shot in the face day 5-2-2011
1 bomb every minute
black power comes with a lot of responsibility
that chiken is so black no one is going to eat it
i hope both teams lose
say the damn pronouns
goin
we need problem solvers not racist and religious bigots in office
officer down
we said we would never forget why are you voting them into our government?
when a porn video features a tranny but then' she' turns out to be a midget too you had my curiosity but now you have my attention
rep. dan crenshaw former navy seal decorated war hero literally lost an eye "doing something about terrorism" rep.ocasio-cortez former bartender supports socialism told dan crenshawn he should "do something about terrorism"
nice watch must have cost an arm and a leg
i'm sick of politics so here's a pic of michelle obama riding a unicorn
when you suck at photoshop
for the last time.. i'm not michelle obama
i'm cute
and then i told them you're going on a fun camping trip
the jussie smollett case explained. "how do you plead? " "innocent!!!" "black, gay, trump hater, friend of michelle obama
please consider donating water to children in need
you're a wizard motherfucker
relax mexicans you are rapists, drug lords and criminals
hey look at me! i'm a serial pedofile
when you just finished shooting a bunch of black kids but accidently killed a squirrel
obama working to legalize medical cannabis for all of the usa
my wife just got a seashell tattoo on her inner thigh if you put your ear to it you can smell the ocean
when you beat the shit out of the tranny hooker after you nut and call it a f****t but it doesn't get back up
ring ring hello? i've been waiting for your call all damn day!!!
i like my refugees like this '' '' ''
when you get hungry you can either think about it or..
what's the difference between a jew and a pizza? a pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
taking photo with a mosque
"ay, tone. how'd da gas stay in if da door is made of wood?"
what do i have in common with cow pies? the older we get, the easier for you to pick us up!
running chocolate
imagine, if you will an entire country so ignorant that the people wilfully give billions of dollars in order to elect rich criminals to rule over their lives and steal their money, but believe they are free
im never doing a garden again!
coming soon to your neighborhood 300,000 islamic heathens demanding the usa change to suit thier sick religion
listen bitch, before you start fucking with me you should know my team is bigger
masturbation it's not just for men
what is this sleep of which you speak?
oakland mayor libby schaaf i saved 800 ms-13 rapists, murderers, molesters from ice
what if i told you that you cant "tolerate" a person who agrees with you? "
look both ways before you cross the street
what kind of punch can take out 20 kids and 6 adults? a sandy hook
she said "choke me daddy" so i gave her 2 popeye's biscuits without a drink
meditation before going to school
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
so there is this new implant that can actually fix stupid
if you're vaping inside a mcdonalds, inside a walmart ... that's the turducken of white trash
this cat is pushing a watermelon out of a lake. your argument is invalid
what do you call a retarded jew? auschwistic
that blackened chicken was so dry it reminded me of your mother
yo dawg, i heard you like memes  so i made a meme mocking memes you so you can can mock me knocking memes while reading mock memes
when everybody's worried about their ex but you're just here enjoying your lemonade
cannibal tribe from indonesia will take muslim refugess in any amount
when you see the gas bill
cheers to all the people who can change their minds when presented with information that contradicts their beliefs
broken chair
stop being a bitch
honestly how often do you masturbate?
spending quality time with dad
when you consume too much trans fat
when i was a boy we didn't have things like adhd. it was called being a little bastard
y'all kids claims to be victims of slavery when we were the ones who lived it
jews are the problem. not just zionists or israelis. jews. all of them
him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: what's it doing? him: chopping fucking vegetables
be happy you dont have neanderthal dna
black people black people "why would white america do this?"
white people walked on all fours before black people came and showed them how to stand up
when you turn on the light and realize you have been fisting the wrong hole
its national hebrew day go pick up a hot girl
mohammad is fucked by blink hacker group! oink oink! hi! my name's mohammad! fuck you muslims!
i woke up like this
i am still so confused about the strategies in this game
"at first, i didn t want to wear a hijab." "but my husband convinced me otherwise."
i stand with hitler these was this time at auschwitz when i needed medical attention and doctor mengele was there for me
if you hold a black baby to your ear, you can hear the police sirens
meanwhile at the isis strip club
just ordered the new anne frank puzzle
what's the difference between a walrus and a lesbian? one smells like fish and has a moustache and the other is a walrus!
i'm not transphobic i just think trans people shouldn't exist
hitler getting his tan on
i'm uncertain where i stand on abortion i like the killing babies but hate the idea of giving women a choice
when you're facetimeing and accidently fall down the stairs
when your wife and girlfriend dont get along
i like your cologne what is that? tricare? deers
literally nobody: white people sitting at the bar: can you put it on the golf channel??
bitch, say something else
this is racist but this is not?????
your tits... in my hands, put them you will
there must be some way this victimizes me
when your eating out your grandma and you taste horse cum then think to yourself "oh that's how she died
damn girl that's a policy i could get behind
this guy grabs your girl's ass in the bar what do you do?
it's important to listen to your elders please don't forget!
when you have to make your own pool
that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you remember your a changed man
if you believe that, i've got a virgin goat to sell you!
immigration invasion learn the difference
want one as a slave when you watch how slow they work and you wonder why anyone would
when you finally buy a dishwasher this works a lot better than a sponge
we build our houses with stone
whats the difference between santa and the jews santa goes down the chimney
how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them
you are so cute
it's ma'am!! yooouu lookah like a man
bigbird singing to child on seasame street
best part about a hooker dying on you? the 2nd hour is free
the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasto-cortez
white people already paid reparations
making america white again
scared you today, didn't i?
subway is similar to prostitution you pay someone else to do your wife's job
my friends coming to see me after a crazy friday night
trump supporters be like mexicans stole my teeth
i heard we can get free steroids in australia please help feed and house this poor, defenceless refugee. don't be racist and let me in!
go be gay somewhere else
celebreated 4/20 on january 5th because i know how to reduce fractions
when the employee asks what bra size you wear
god: *creates jews* god: *creates jesus* jews: *kill jesus* god: *creates hitler* god:
gays aids it really be like that
congratulations it's non binary
islam is the religion of peace! if you don't agree i kill you!
send me sexy pic
when you're a convicted rapist but reruns of your show are still on tv because it's not like you tweeted something
when they don't get the memo that they lost the war
the look you give when the bubbles in the pool are pulsating your pussy just kidding she's retarted and thats her normal face
racing for pink slips in africa
we kill you on 9/11 and you elect 3 of us to congress, stupid infidels!
if he's marrying me then why's he fucking my mom
when you bout to nut in your cousin and you hear the barn door open
9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and left with my mom
go be gay somewhere else
just got a bootleg copy of muslim porn deep goat
cute getting ready to start kid her life too bad shes already fkn' dead raped and murdered by an illegal immigrant
what women think they'll do when the economy collapses vs what they'll actually do
when she smiles at you from a distance
see if you can find the guys from white chicks lol
smirked at an adult media coverage: 30 days shot up a school media coverage: 2 days
nothing says "pull me over" like some red solo cup brake lights!
chillin with my chromies
hillary isn't in jail, the wall isn't built, isis hasn't been defeated & obamacare is still in place but trump gave himself a $23 million tax cut and that is important to me
what i say about the gunman every time there's a mass shooting
this is really out of mein kampfert zone
god will forgive you no matter what you've done sweet
hey liberals & democrats have you forgotten
pure american muscle
they stole ma chickin i stole their life
all races are equal
when you haven't stolen anything in a week
when you have errands to run but you're too tired to deal
husband gives massage.. ...aaaand now i have a dick in me
who cares if mexicans are offended americans are offended by illegal immigration
hold up when she says she likes hung black men so you take her back to your place and she starts tying a noose
loyalty always has a cost some times it pays off... ...and some times you take a loss
fuck islam
ain't nothing but a goat
what your ancestors were doing july 4, 1776 what dummies do today for july 4th
ignorance and hate will lead you to nothing but shame
when there is no pinyata at the party but the emo kid just hung himself improvise. adapt. overcome
lost african tribe
anne frank writing in her diary
a german ss soldier punishing a small jewish boy by sticking a sharpened spear in the boys anus, auschwitz concentration camp, poland 1944. (colorized)
definitely a new cultural era!
when you suicide bomb an islamic mosque during a friday worship
my wife asked me where i'd like to be buried apparently, "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she was expecting
dick punch funny regardless of species
this beef is so raw its eating the salad
lisa page: obama doj ordered fbi not to prosecute hillary clinton why is the mainstream media ignoring this bombshell
when you're fucking but wanna make sure he's not stealing anything
replaced kitty litter with pop rocks
so..convert to islam or die?  i say fuck it..let's roll
cadbury's halal creme eggs  now available in special edition
i'm sorry i left the seat up, it won't happen again
ever notice that christians are bad drivers
teaching them how to hunt young
when mohamed puts it inside
let's see if they get scared now ! bring they ass out here ! we will cut their heads off
when you find out who's been eating your leftovers
trump supporters be like show me where he lied
you are not wanted! you are a mental deficient!
it's a proven fact marines islamic radicals are less prone to violent acts after they've been shot in the head
when instincts take over
when you make a meme using a different language that everyone can still understand: no es mucho, pero es trabajo honesto
18 years later
says he alone is tough enough to defeat isis still too chickenshit to release his tax returns
when you find the cake your mum was hiding from you
welcome refugees to poland's newest 5 star hotel
i date crazy bikers with beards cause once you ride a beard and a harley you don't go back
heroin is destroying the white community keep up the good work heroin
and then i says to her no, i got your nose
infamous
gee, i'd like to suicide bomb the crap out of that church, but i got a thing at 5 couldn't abdul do it?
look at this throatagraph
the look your women gives you when you can't finsh the job
the pimp hand strong enough for man but made for teaching
wait this isn't my dog
real friendship is sending them a link to something terrible so you can both be traumatised at the same time i torture all my friends. it's how i show love
a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in
this is why we shoot you guys
this chick can't stand fishing
lesbians should not be allowed to buy dildos you made your choice bitch, now live with it!
when your fifth pet eats food from another guys hand
please be patient... we creating a better fuckup for all
chinese ppl be like happy thanksgiving
in this edition we don't buy property; we steal it!
it happend mom, a black guy gave me complement ohhh sweety i'm so sorry. that means you need to lose about 30 pounds
this isn't the way, there's always a better way
it's ma'am look i found a penis
i don't always feel like i'm at the top of the gene pool but when i do, i'm at walmart
when you catch your goat with another man ya done fucked up
hey, i just met you, and this is crazy, this is my grenade so blow me, maybe?
as much as abdul tried he could not get the fucker into first gear
when you drink and drive you will get busted
when people ask me who my favorite golden girl is
where did jimmy go during the bombing? everywhere
been talking shit about trump since day one. now crying like bitches after getting called out
in a wolrd full of these people be this person
when your boss asks for the report but you went out the past few nights
a good heart goes a long way
oh, you're tired of my anti-trump posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
obama voters
feel that? it used to belong to bruce jenner
how people look at me when i tell em i don't have kids
whose dick do i have to suck to get these charges dropped?
can afford to travel from romania to london still picks your pocket
immigrants illegal aliens
meanwhile at the isis strip club
the loudest one in the room.. is the weakest one in the room
how could this happen in the current year? when it's 2019 and there are still people who refuse to celebrate rectal wart sex
ernie mocks tyrone's lack of a father in front of the whole class
when you see a child in a gay parade half naked twerking with everyone celebrating ernie prepares to commit a hate crime
how many times do we have to teach you this lesson, you tranny freaks ?
why is it bad to be a black jew because you have to sit at the back of the oven
what people do in the bedroom is not anyone else's business
when you hear 'em yelling that allahakbar crap, just shoot 'em before they blow up a bomb, or start stabbin' and shootin' people
i really like 50 cent or as we call him in zimbabwe 4 billion dollars
banner in the streets hulk in the sheets
wait, mohammad come back!! i didn't mean to laugh, really size doesh't matter to me lol
"america has stolen the jews the jews of god. his jewelry. the negroes. they are the true hebrews" google it
left lanes need to exit right right lanes need to exit left here's 300 feet. make it happen
wing wing wing herro? thats racist!
we are soldiers and we fight for our countries to our last minutes
liz krueger, n.y. state democratic senater wants to infiltrate the nra and take it over yeah, just like she infiltrated mcdonalds all those years..
wait for it .. 
wants you to accept him for being a girl couldn't accept himself at birth
i hate all fucking jews they are scum of the earth
when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
for seal thanks.. very fucking useful
it's time we make peace with islam
when ur too young to know the concept of racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet
what's the difference between menstrual blood and sand? you can't gargle sand
when i grow up i'm going to be a famous doctor
i said a glass of orange juice not just any juice
im not racist because racism is a crime and crime is for black people
still smiles even when they are scared
the only "perferred pronouns" a tranny needs is "it" or "thing"
ex girfriends be like.. i don't even care what he does anymore!!!
he's making a list, checking it twice gonna find out who's getting deported by i.c.e
i win again! parkinson's center
fuck allah, fuck muslims and fuck islam. and if you don't like what i say then fuck
be kind to those less fortunate than you
love is love respect
we swore we'd never forget 911
i may be blind but at least i'm rich!
you don't need an ar15 to protect yourself but he does, and this guy and this guy, and him and him and him
laughs in 52% of us crime rate
when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
justin trudeau the imam of canada
with sensitive ass people, my sense of humor is way too fucked up for that
my little brother ate all the scrabble tiles... sense than alexandria ocasio-corte ton and his shit makes more sense than alexandria ocasio cortez
i'm not saying that your perfume is too strong. all i'm saying is that the canary was alive before you got here
do you have any idea how black you were going?
you may be a racist if.. your response to a question from an african american is to mention the inner city 25 times
when i was a kid i thought black people were made from anal sex
greetings ... time to run
a girl asks her mom, "why am i black and you're white?" she says, "the way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark. "
when you have to fight captain america because you had an argument
chelsea clinton.. so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
no less beautiful
i'm so fucking gay i can't even think straight
government shills hate him!!! <<< this aussie shitposter removes 50 muslims with this one weird trick and basically you are fucking accelerated!
if i can't trust you i don't need you
everybody having kids /getting engaged and i'm over here like
never let someone who has done nothing tell you how to do anything
and for my next trick i'll make democrats defend rats
i didn't hear the question ... ...but the answer is, white people are racist
rosie o 'donnell had to be removed from her home today to make good on her threat to leave the us if donald trump became president
i'm going to prison aren't i ?
hoes be like why can't i find a good man
when you take this girl on a date and she won't stop talking.
i could have annihilated all of them but i left some of them alive so you will know why i was killing them
keep it up and you'll get some regime change
when she's mad at you but you want her attention
mobile nun
didnt stand during the national anthem... no one said a word... # whiteprivilege
come on our shame tour! we will show you how to murder babies and harass the elderly
if they aren't meant to cook why do they have eggs and milk inside them
white people dont shoot eachother in the streets like black people do we do it in schools, because we have class
"people are tired of the same, old ideas" says the 74 year old socialist
don't get me started about your tranny problems
when you advocate for killing babies after their birth and then you have ash on your forhead for ash wednesday unbelievable smh
donald trump proving you don't have to be poor to be trailer trash
this one time at camp we got so baked
never had one before . what? a room to yourself? a white bitch
when your stoner friend looks in your fridge
i put brake fluid in my meth... now i can stop whenever i want
when your goat hits your g-spot
when you're trying to be a good student and just learn magic but three kids in class keep getting in trouble all the time
confession-every sunday around brunch time i take my cat to the mall and make people take pictures of us
thanks trump for my new job making america white again
for guys that like it nice and slow gimme a call
march 8th international women's day
forgive me allah.. i just can't understand why i am allowed to behead my enemies and marry little girls, but i can't eat a fucking ham sandwich
jokes don't kill people they kill people
if he's marrying me then why's he fucking a goat
fuck you, asshole how's that for customer service?
get ready for your future white folks.. nuclear fire & eternal slavery!
that face you make when you get asked a question and have to think on it for a while
colin kaepernick and his evil white oppressors oh wait, those are his parents!
go ahead, call the cops see who cums first
terrorism is just part and parcel of living in a big city. sadiq khan london mayor tokyo: over 13 million people no islamic terrorism
animals enjoy motorcycle rides too
when nobody knew who you were until you got on your knees
cutest little beagle in the whole wide world
creeps into your childs room empties his sack
black chicks even the white ones are ugly
grandma is not getting run over by a reindeer this year!!
holocaust jokes are offensive ann frankly aren't funny
love is love is love is love
muslims in a predominantly christian nation christians in a predominantly muslim nation
well judge, made me do it all remember it was me who first said was kenyan
when your goat tells you she ain't on the pil
the old lady treats arthur to some delicious cookies she's baked
so i prayed over him like this and i made sure he felt the lord inside him
been dropping blessings all year like
watch out i'll put a bomb in your car
i'm not racist. racism is a crime and crime is only for blacks
"where did you learn to make kool-aid like that britney?"
what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase.. a branch manager
when you beat up a black kid and get arrested for propriety damage
thats a little savage
abba ree i can fryyy
did i just hear grandma tell me "no"
shes got them summer teeth summer here summer missing
when you her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick.. wayment
batman! thank god you've arrived!
learning to ride a bike
when you finger a girl from auschwitz
obama voters
he's like 20 and still plays video games bitch please, yall 15 and pregnant
cooking teacher: 'today we'll learn how to use the ovens' the german kid:
"islam is love!" - ariana grande yeah, if you're a goat
"islam is love!" ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah, if you're a goat ***
hmmm minyoda i am beat women i must
how do we destroy the patriarchy? it's simple. we eat it
"i went to walmart and picked up a new sandwich maker."
new for 2015 peel and stick eye-slit stickers to make your garbage & trash sharia compliant in compliance with sharia law, you can now turn all your garbage into muslim trash!
when you feel beautiful no matter what the haters say
you'd be angry too if you found out they cancelled your favorite show
what's hillary's favorite pizza? little seizures
when the muslim kid you bullied starts counting backwards
"okay class bring out your calculators" mohammed:
i refuse to debate gun control with folks who eat soap and are confused on which pisser to use
i think i almost got my dishwasher working
the old lady shows arthur what she used to do during the war
that's where the new skyscraper is going to come up
when you run out of bras and have to hold the girls up on your own
both men and women sacrificed in different ways but it was all to protect their comfortable home
the fuck did you just say?
i can put up with muslims killing canadians but i absolutely will not tolerate canadians criticizing muslims
i am 73 years old. who's going to ask how i do it??,,,
felling cute might fuck a goat later. idk
how to get out of a gym contract
his grandparents died in the holocaust so we gonna put an oven in the trunk
islamic warrior's funeral in palestine
how it feels being a military spouse over 30
chloroform puts the sensual back into non-consensual
what do you mean happy columbus day?
exfoliating with the tears of my haters
reaction to a home invasion non gun owner: we're gunna die!!! gun owner: i'm your huckleberry
when you have flashbacks from wwii
as muslims, our quran orders us to immigrate to other countries, replace their governments with sharia law, orders the murder of christians, jews and all gay people, while embracing slavery and pedophilia. thanks democrats for making it so easy for us!
i didn't choose the tranny life the tranny life choose me
how the co looks when he tells the crew were not getting mail on the next ras
i support americans even though some of them are really hating on me right now
dark humor is like him '' it never gets old
tries to send killers to kill dante in dantes inferno
it is disgusting to laugh at gender dysphoria
based in america
this is what vitiligo looks like
what every muslim looks like to me
"so first of all you guys didn't even invite me to your little airport fight and you guys know how much i love fighting so fuck you"
all those in favour of bringing swedish women to america as refugees instead of muslims please like and share
i said glass of juice not gas the jews
can i get an order of savage with no chili please
when you ask your girlfriend who tf is texting her at 1:47 a.m
mississippi wind chime
auditioned for jazz band not enough soul
throwing off a gay one with the boys
no means no unless she's dyslexic then it's on
we will kill every man, woman, child shia, sunni.... zoroastrain, kurd or christian but we don't touch israel why is that?
when it comes to acting scarlett johansson has amazing tits
influence elections? haha that's a hoax
to bad i don't speak peasant .!
racism exists among all races in the world.. white people are just better at it, like most things
never forget the holocaust
white people doing weird shit black people being criminals stereotypes they exist for a reason
record black employment record black welfare record black imprisonment
happy and stupid
when you step on a landmine but you do not weigh enough
fuck i stepped in shit
when you finger an asian girl
10-4 copy that, approaching the suspect
pauline hanson warns: obey our our rules our rules or go back where you came from!
the answer to the age-old question, does a bear shit in the woods? answer... yes they do! and here is scientific proof
and to think, i almost swallowed you
bank took your house? that must be tough
hey kids for a good time dial #666-hotdawg
you ever get laid in a sleeping bag? it's awful. you can't even move, you're drenched in sweat, and your scout master is covering your mouth
pissed off two men becuase i refered to them as hipsters apparently the correct term is "conjoined twins"
any girls a squirter if you sever an artery
the tranny your you been girlfriend fucking
friendly reminder: a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
they told me i could become anything so i became a scarecrow
our voice can change history for better or...worse
indians evolution after 15august1947
i was chatting this liberal chick in a bar who told me that i should be more open to muslim culture so i raped her
obama throws first pitch at an all-star game
no difference between both
how it feels to chew peppermint gum after biting a jalapeno
when you eat your rehab romance booty in the laundry room but she's day 3 sick
live your life every moment
i like offending people because i think people who get offended should be offended
smoke pours from the wtc on 911
me during no shave november
i had twins with my third husband, which i conceived while married to my first husband, and delivered while married to my second husband, who adopted them before i divorced him and married my third husband. but that was then, now i'm married to my fourth husband. i'm just an evangelical who believes in the sanctity of marriage
she literally tweeted "let's make gas chambers great again"
once you go black so does your face
running tired of bitches from the dick? i give you the clamp that bitch down 3000
chicken niggers
this has nothing to do with this post but i have 2 barely fucked goats for sale
we're new, bold, and we hate you! we hate whites, jews, christians, conservatives, republicans, & patriots
sad world history
it wasn't my fault my truck has tranny issue's
on behalf of nsw go f@#k yourself queensland
not all angels reside in heaven.. many walk the battlefield.
when each letter is a mental disorder
my dad is the best at hide and seek he's been gone for 15 years
your purchase of $19.99 comes to $21.36 after theft
when another dog pees on your lawn
when you're a nazi officer and someone gives you the name and location of a jewish family
hello jesus thanks for making a way!
that's right white crackers
everyone knows hitting appliances that stop working, sometimes fixes the problem
barn army enlist, and bomb ant hills "grab your pitchfork and meet at the barn"
be sure to spay or neuter your spouse today
when you catch your goat with another man
mississippi wind chime
black people: damn y'all crackas some bitches y'all so sensitive lmao mayo ass crackas white people: black people:
in alcohols defense i've made some pretty shitty decisions while sober
when someone starts acting all friendly, but you already know what they really are
burning things that don't mean anything to you
what's the difference between a cow and the holocaust? you can't milk a cow for 75 years
if you outlaw abortions abortions will just happen illegally but if you outlaw guns we will all be safe from gun crime
when the chow mein was on point but you kinda miss your cat
the thing about deeply depressed people is we don't smile with our teeth we smile with our eyes
my momma... momma says girls are the devil
the most beautiful chimpanzee and above him is one uglyass retarded nibba who says dc is better than marvel
when someone says, "money can't buy happiness." then explain these.
and then i said homosexuals can go to heaven
just like that democrats who said you aren't mature enough to own a gun til 21 decided you are mature enough to vote on laws about guns at 16
what bomb
elon musk presents infinite energy source
new seat belt design 50% less accidents
when you tell him he can't go to chic-fil-a on sundays. what do you mean?
it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
when they asks why you dropped the muslim kid off from school to give the parents back their bomb
when you floor it but your passengers arent ready
you can't get her pregnant if she's a goat
you see that?? it means get the fuck back to the kitchen
now imagine if native american cowboys rode bicycles
not all of us are terrorists but all terrorists are one of us
first rule of fight club.
who let this retard in this group
africa 100 years ago africa today + aids
*laughs in goat-fucker*
christianity making white people stupid for the past 2000 years
and then i said, mr. president only targets there's no walmart's in north korea
a bad day for everyone including muslims defend homeland security a good day for us all in 2019
hachimaki is a traditional headband worn by japanese men
beach vibe
lmao laugh my ass off
gays on their way home after pride week
take me out for dinner first then you have my permission to play lol
i'd like to report hello 911 emergency? a misandry! yes this girl came out of nowhere and totally ignored my man feelings!
black friday sale
roses are red, violets are blue mexicans are rapists, and so am i
we are peaceful people
all walks of people can celebrate the gift of life
the smell of not wearing deoderant
when the pope addresses the people he does it with a smile
when you're shooting up the school and the cops shoot the black kid that's running away
they trained you to hate the only man with the balls to stand up to them
don't do the crime, if you can't do the time
when you've had a long day but you need to but geroceries
o yeah we got the nintendo switch! hey goat, yes human? close your eyes goat, ok human
(muslim noises)
summers here lets swim
first of all, take a moment to realize who the fuck you are talking to
good skeleton
i just started a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats prophets are going through the roof
"radical" islam? is there a kind that doesn't molest children and goats and behead people?
when you introduce someone to a new meme you like that?
when you vent to a white person ughh, my mom pissed me off wanna kill her? there u go wit dat bs
man getting arrested by the la pd
what! no i am not asian
obama voters
when she hits you with the super sloppy 2 handed mctwist while making eye contact and calling you daddy and you just go full autistic
after smelling that home cooked meal
bosses be like when you coming in?
don't know how to deal with black people but i guess i'll take a shot at it
"oh no hundreds of white people: years of culture is being destroyed" all other reaces: first time?
its a 3-day weekend pace yourself
some crazy rez girls be like: "if you ever leave me, i'll punch myself in the face and tell cops you did it"
african kids dancing and celebrating
one of the most brillant minds in science
it's time to stop this
fuck the enemy so hard their eyebrows bleed
why isn't my drain working? probably cause the pipe's black
all part of satan's plan. the anti christ will come from this
actually retard, the muslims aren't the problem the problem is that pussies are stopping us from killing the muslims
weeeee! im back home
"why do you have to punch a hole in the wall when you get upset?" white guys: it defines who i am
run along now felicia you don't want to miss the water truck.....ya thirsty bitch
--and if anything happens, the women are to blame -- that's right, it's their fault, definitely
when you see another black person getting their ass whipped by the cops stop breaking the law
we used to have safe neighborhoods now we have "diversity"
when you enter the womens restroom by mistake
dressed for sundays best
this steak is so black it stole my television
broken dishwasher for sale or rent
what does a baby from auschwitz look like?
wing wing wing herro? thats racist
cumshot on jewish girl face - 1943
conjoined twins abby and brittany
when u tryin to be cute but she gotta make everything sexual
being disabled doesn't stop me
going on vacation vs going back to work
am i hearing the american people correctly you want to hand over all your means of protection and make it easier for terrorists to come into the country? gotcha!
democrats claim daca kids shouldn't t have to pay for their parent's crimes.. ...but white people are still responsible for 17th century slave owners??
well let me tell you something brother fuck niccfps
ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
this offends me ban them do you agree?
you funny mother fucker you!!
one day, long, long ago, there lived a woman who did not whine, nag or bitch. but it was a long time ago, and it was just one day. ~the end~
the look on your face after killing someone!
that job interview was going so well. until i realized i was fucked up on acid in the middle of a cornfield naked and talking to a scarecrow
"where you can get with that bull shit what is " fuck outta here" correct
a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in! 18 years after 9/11 and this is where we are at?
when the plantation owner trades you for a tractor w.t.f!!!
ps4 playstation' vr required food simulator 18 18
black men latin men asian men white men
i'm awesome on the piano but i suck at singing
it's okay honey,we stole what we could and we'll live way better than the fools who voted for us
when each letter is a mental disorder
part of america, "muslims have always been starting in colonial times" and they were hijackers and terrorists back then too you f'n jackass
people will do shit like this but lock their door when someone sketchy walk by
i just ran over nancy pelosi you're welcome
new military drone to fight isis it explodes on penatration
stop the racism.. we were all white once..
the black ranger do you really think they were just talking about his costume? your argument it's completely valid!
i don't like the sun so i wear a visor
meanwhile at the isis strip club
first they laugh then they imitate
they stole ma chickin i stole their life
musslamic democrat ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma" to "give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
i got 99 problems and chromosomes are one
sweden 2050 the muslim and african hordes execute the last real swede
i played baseball with a bunch of orphans yesterday. i won, because none of them knew where home was
when someone accuses you of being racist, but they don't realize you have a black friend i know someone
there's no shame in having pride in who you are
when your boss volunteers you for the next suicide bombing
"it's time for us to impeach this president" ilhan omar should president trump be impeached?
there's so much white trash in this picture i barely know where to start!
honestly i'm probably single because.. i never forwarded those chain messages in 2008
"they can try removin this flag" (dog) "it cant be that hard, half the trailer park has already"
"judgement day will not come until the muslims fight the jews and kill them
what's the difference between a jew and a pizza a pizza doesn't scream in the oven
to see better, asians sometimes switch to fullscreen view
no more excuses let's go out and celebrate
don't blame people for disappointing you blame yourself for trusting them
mohammed was a pedophile and a rapist true story
wow they are upset
"do you have a moment to talk about bacon?"
i got some  down bitches i can call
men can be frustrating why can't i ever get a date i'm so lonely
black people anything that doesn't belong to them
time to kill some motherfuckers!!
by cutting off their hands leopold ii of belgium massacred millions of africans
lawn darts muslim style
when i grow up i want to be a doctor
promises trump is going to be arrested gets arrested the day after it's confirmed trump isn't going to be arrested
fuck tryin' to please people that can't be pleased life is too short!
islam is the religion of peace! don't believe me? then i will blow you up
last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen
we demand more sancuary cities for refugees! you would want the same for yourself!
theory of everything imdb 7.7/10
soybeaner fest 2019!!!! coming to a farm near you!!! if facebook allows it
wait , mohammad come back!! i didn't mean to laugh, your haircut looks great!
guns don't kill people clintons kill people
muslims treat women like dogs & liberals don't dare speak up they're too busy bashing christians
"life hack #23 how to get stoned with no weed"
i don't understand your specific kind of stupid. but i do admire your total commitment to it
so the military is doing its job, but not getting paid. and congress is not doing its job, but getting paid?
i have suddenly forgotten how to swim
been talking shit about trump since day one. now crying like bitches after getting called out
put the money in a bag. now! that will be $0.15
"never forget" - you said.. i am the proof you have forgotten
we want sharia law !! well.... go home
child homelessness is the new issue in america
went gay clubbing with some friends turns out out they were expecting something very different
we shouldn't just study civics in high school we should study other cars, too
chevy guys be like we just got done muddin' ford guys be like we just got done muddin'
so i was going down on my grandma the other night, and i tasted horse semen i stopped for a second and thought to myself:is this how she died
even i can see duke sucks
only 30's kids will remember this
hahaha fucking idiot
puts an intern under his desk impeachment proceedings for lying under oath bends an entire nation over his desk placed on a pedestal by liberals and the media
i'm voting for trump whitetrash lives matter the hoosier state
earth's most endangered species white children
to all you salt water whiteback supremacists... ...your uber is here!!!
new swing set installed at linkin park
now that's what i call koality
manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem....
now that's a level of stupid i've not seen in a long time
get in loser we're invading poland
umm yea.. if you you could just go fuck yourself that'd be great.
when one of your boy says he's a fan of conor mcgregor
virgin sheep running from horny muslims
what do you mean by: "you're a hero ...and you have to leave."? come on dude, let me in. nigger
tweekers be like y'all hear that shit!?
muhammed and aisha, the first date
lyin' thinking about lyin' really lyin' just got done lyin'
when you introduce someone to a new meme you like that?
when you get shot in the groin by a rubber bullet and your made-up gender doesn't protect your willie
this is my wife and it is 100 percent legal under sharia law that is a fact coming to a city near you
when isps are pushing to get rid of net neutrality protection from the law oh fuck put it back in!
when each letter is a mental disorder
the test results are in and... you are a nigger
make the best out of what you have
white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
when you're in jail and missing her like crazy
great minds think alike
it's funny because he's fat!
jesus take the wheel. carlos, you take the stereo. and i'll take lookout
when i was a kid i found a vibrator in my parents room they told me it was a muscle massager, i rubbed it on my sore muscles all the time
there's just certain shit you don't do in life out of respect!
save them from death
they say a woman's work is never done maybe that's why they get paid less
which jewish girl is hotter?
domestic violence should never be tolerated
when they know you got a drug problem so they give you a gift card instead of cash but they don't know how the dope game is played!?
prayer is powerful, it matters not when or where
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everyrody loses his shit
how to get a black guy to see his baby
i'll never forget who did this no matter how much facebook defends them
if ignorance is bliss this is the happiest man on the planet
you idiot you threw shit at the wrong keeper
slinkies are a good valentine gift for your girl
in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut here i am free to talk trash about this country in hopes that it can change into a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
the face he makes when he's about to tell you another war story
did we run out of gas ? someone get out and push
it is no longer pc to call someone a "tweeker"... they must now be referred to as "methican american
normal people after a tragedy me : oh man these memes are going to be fucking great
how to keep the thefts out
some people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water. some kids will never know the struggle
thanks for visiting
i'm sorry, i can't help it, i'm just a jackass
idc about who has a problem with me spreading knowledge because i feel the same way about people spreading ignorance
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
you find it offensive i find it funny.. that's why i'm happier than you
where's jaws when you need him ?
when your pesky cat wants to be extra warm despite telling them no
dont you care about my future? stop the "refugee" invasion
i'm not only smart, i'm street-smart. oh sure, you're street smart sesame street smart
i'm not sexist sexism is wrong and being wrong is for women
unless you want to be a stamp collector then there's no reason to be mad with this
chocolate melts at 86*f
i can't wait to name you some dumb shit nobody can pronounce
what would i do if she was pregnant
the look you give when you gonna start trouble
#lagostoibadan men are scum, men are scum but you still go 154km for cum
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
joke time ... 3 bomb technicians walk into a bar
this is what happens when you actually go fuck yourself
jesus, how come no one likes me? because you're black. now, go away, little niglet
some noise" and she start screaming when you at a concert with ya girl and the dj says "all my single ladies make
stop testing the new me like the old me ain't still in me
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
every dad: *shaves beard* his own baby: i've never met this man in my life
pull up your pants and back away from the goat!!
this toaster is on fire
my aunt gonna make you white devils pay for her grandmother owning slaves
morgan freeman condemning slavery
what's worse than ants in your pants? uncles
you know you're official when your friend invites you to church
when i grow up... lol nevermind
be careful with pedestrians
when you did something wrong *you unconscious mind: you know what? maybe i need to go to the ranch
alabama: bans abortions. all of alabama in 5 years
it's hard to be first class when you're white trash
piggy back ride racing with friends is one way to get your cardio
those fucking russians
you can be any gender you want if you are mentally ill
when you give him literally one job and he's somehow forgotten
i heard you need a new tranny?
the face she makes when she dumps a load
we have improved in our machines
when you go to war with china it's the fifth time i killed that guy
hmmm... who shall i arrest first brennan, clapper, comey or obama? hillary first!!
maybe energy drinks are like mana potions in real life
i need help swimming
are you bored? join spastics with special admin powers now
toshiba? i lost a friend on that beach
i'm this pretty because both my parents are white
when they say not to blink or you'll miss the magic trick
best thing about an ethiopian blowjob?... you know shes gonna swallow!!!
doesn't own a computer can still play minesweeper
out of the whole year, we only need women for about 365 days
i'm not an asshole, i'm a hemorrhoid. i irritate assholes
i'm here to drink whiskey and kill terrorists and brother i'm all out of whiskey!
how dikes look when they're in line paying for their pads
hurry ladies he's still.. luke warm
breaking news a zoo's chimpanzee escaped containment
let me be clear i am a treasonous piece of shit
and then i said do i look like i give a fuck?!
one does not simply walk into north korea
mexican and black jokes are all the same once you hear juan you here jamal
i pictured a black girl naked today can i get an std from this?
last time muslims invaded europe vlad stuck poles up their asses and made a fucking forest be like vlad
the face you make when your pussy gets hard
israel we're coming for you next
bruce jenner's cat
if you're gonna go boating make sure you have the proper flotation devices
head teachers given the power to ban the burqa in british schools share if you want a full ban in britain!
the hardcore way to eat ramen noodles: 1. boil water 2. eat block of ramen 3. drink boiled water 4. snort flavored powder 5 fuck bitches
tattoos are bad for your health i know 5 million people who had tattoos and they all died
the difference between you and hitler at least hitler could use an oven
do you shop at wal-mart? did you vote for trump? you might be white trash
the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasto-cortez
so, where did you get all of this gold elizabeth? i stole it from africa!!!
happy and in love
muslims moved in... but theyre not moving out.
morgan freeman morgan not-so-freeman
after a hard day of work mohammed is very tired
i am your equal!! spend money on me!!
long story short askies, age restriction okay?
i went to school and nikker cheated, ahh fuck
do you like kids? because i'm going to turn your mouth into a daycare
japanese fashion trends
put'n the "ham" in mohamed
this is what happens when you don't spank your kids
i got kicked out of hogwarts for using black magic
you know like when the tv doesn't work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
i made a website for orphans it doesn't have a home page
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
thank god my ass needed a break
birthday because i don't care if it's happy
should i call a plumber or a electrician?
puts on sunblock doesn't protect from harmful rays
look son a dipshit that just made a nonpolitical post into a political one
why does the goat look wiser
not my president not my residents
mama i just killed a man
mandatory vaccinations without exemptions. i do nazi see the problem..
we should all be like muslims and not eat pork bc pigs are too cute
those are some clean burning jews i tell ya h'wat
i'm uncertain where i stand on abortion.. i like killing babies, but hate the idea of giving women a choice
yo dawg i heard you loved chinese food so i ordered take out
when you finally headshot 150 black people
so your not a whore ? half a gram says you are
heartbreaking i weep for limp dicks everyday
life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
they did not even leave dogs
don't forget guys may is buy your wife a new gun month
*pulls pizza out of oven* everyone else at auschwitz:
there are three types of girls
so i was sucking on her t*ts then the husband walks in and i just sk*t myself
showing skin '' since you don't have anything else to offer '
children trying to stay cool in the water
my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i should have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014 and planned them in 2013
talk about everything is better in two's
when your fifth wife eats grass from another guys hand
when i was a kid i thought black people were made from anal sex
where's this bird box everyone's taking about?
enjoying new loungewear when it's chilly outside
teacher : dont make any explosives inside the lab *le mohammed :
oh look... it's the wetern feminist movement when it comes to islam and sharia law
my girlfriend said "no more sex in our bed until you put a ring on it" i really hope that she likes it
this would be racist if black people could read
pork is unclean? ever smell one of these goat fuckers?
i went to ride my bike today!
i am a test dummy
i want your feet to be my kid's jannah
each oven could only burn less than 6000 bodies per year, or the metal would fracture tone
i don't think abortion is wrong if i was raped i wouldn't won't some black baby in me either
when someone tries to rape you but you rape him instead improvise. adapt. overcome
starving mexican monkey eating peanuts
why isn't my drain working? probably cause the pipe's black
white girls stepped their game up
why the fuck is this not already a meme?
i am not gay.. i am a man who turned into a woman after a bee sting and now i am attracted to men. rellly. trust me
hahaha... fuck you bitch
they want this because they found love in eachother
the name's todd.. retodd
how do you make a 4 yr old cry twice? wipe your bloody cock off on their teddy bear
grabbing guns because criminals have too many is like castrating yourself because your neighbor has too many kids.
meanwhile at the isis strip club
let's go! staring contest!
what's the worst part of being black and jewish? having to sit at the back of the gas chamber that's reich
we cannot arm teachers it violates the rights of the shooter
why did god create them? so they could understand each other and hate each other
what you really mean when you say your going to the bathroom
when cops question someone who just got robbed did anything seem strange? like maybe something black?
mom : can you mash the vegies me :
dear girls, before you call a guy ugly, just remember he does not wear make up
when you get caught jacking off to the snapchat girl filter of yourself that wasn't me that was patricia
men are like dogs we re excited to see you... and have no clue what you're mad about
when you and your squad rest after a long day protesting trump
i swear i put sunscreen on!
say cheese! photobomb
largest drug bust in u.s. history.... 2 tons of crack!!
future sex slaves welcome their muslim masters
hundreds have gathered at a volkswagen owners meet up according to nasa, the glow from their check engine lights could be seen from space
i may be blind but at least i'm not black
hello my lgbtq+ friends it's pride month so free shots for everyone!
back to the... hall of fame 19th annual rock and roll
when they become besties over the same dude
i wanna see the most fucked up meme. lets see what you got
when someone says "show me in the bible where it says jesus command gays should be out to death?" leviticus 20:13
what does a baby from auschwitz look like?
#treason anti-american democrat adam schiff funded by america-hating george soros
canadian border jumper detained by american patriot
when the dishwasher isn't working properly and you have no tecnical knowledge whatsoever so you just decide to talk to it and hope it starts working good luck
who you are inside matters more than how you want others to see you
red wine? that's a lifestyle choice
this is a snakes mouth it all makes fucking sense now
when the teacher leaves the room and the retarded kid puts his dick in the pencil sharpener
has more skeletons in her closet than jeffrey dahmer
i enjoyed watching the king kong movie
instead of being "born again" why not just grow up?
abyssynian slaves in iron collars
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
when you ask the jewish girl for her number and she starts rolling up her sleeve
have you ever tired ethiopian food? they say its delicious
if trump isn't hitler, then i'm i'm a moron well i'm certainly not gonna argue with that
how to wink at a muslim
you think your day was bad? these two didn't get accepted to the same college
it hurts the poor muslim's feelings? well, whoopty doo... this aint arabia meathead
i came to fingerpaint and fuck and im all out of poop
no more tears next time walk, do not run
if you think the crakkka of today is different from the crakka 500 years ago, you're a damn fool
when you're not fit but you know you're still majestic af
think we just discovered "cop crack" bacon wrapped donuts mother of god
this isn't even my final form
muslims when someone uses kilometres per hour instead of wifes per child sex slaves
cameraman: i don't understan- psychic kid: trust me this will be really funny someday
no one: steven hawking
beheaded, shot and stoned to death: 369 trans people killed this year you gotta pump those numbers up. those are rookie numbers
let me be perfectly clear... i will never stop lying to you suckers!!!
i got back with my ex box360
lovely couch you have here it'd be a shame if someone were to shit on it
i'm proud to be rude and crude and crass, i'm proud to be a redneck piece of white trash
bro u dont watch idubbbz? bro.... thats kinda cringe
parents will lie to their children about why they celebrate thanks giving christmas easter and holloween they have the nerve to tell the children "don't you ever lie to me"
news from 20th century
fidget spinner for woman
when you are that ugly you don't have a choice
assad: my son is smarter than yours, lol hamid:
everyone is excited for the baby to come
the numbers are supposed to go down, not up!
oh boy i hope i get out of here so i can go home and check on my dog
kenyan shit
when you slap your dishwasher too hard
worst pijama party ever
without the wall copied to clipboard this is what we get!
if you're gonna screenshot a meme at least crop out the black space
yeah, i hear you i just don't give a fuck
old yearbook photo of a cute child
african american leaders organizing the la riots april 29, 1992
so you're telling me that black people "stole" the n-word from white people? typical
dumbass fucking white people marking up the internet with their opinions like dogs pissing on fire hydrants. ~ sarah jeong, nyt editor the new york times
i wanna see the most fucked up meme. lets see what you got
happy birthday sister
which jewish girl is hotter?
hey, i just met you, and this is crazy, this is my mad face so i might be angry
white people dont shoot eachother in the streets like black people do we do it in schools, because we have class
you! out of the gene pool now
i like my rice crispy please
they told me i would miss my family i never miss at close range
white people after 10 shots black people after 10 shots
he asked me if its permissible to smoke marijuana in muslim country. so i told him in our contries only gays get stoned
2 years on the job... 4 million jobs gained 1 month on the job... 25,000 jobs lost
how!? can i get dat percap?
true strength comes from within
no. no man. shit no man. i believe you get your ass kicked saying some sumthin like that man
i put the ape in rape
russian flag
we can do it best!
i'm just gon sit here & mind my business
i support terrorists because they're pea brains like me
here's a little song i call "the talmudists are planning to kill us all"
when you can't wait for them to cut the cake
alright i'm going to let go now
i don't always roll a joint but when i do it's my ankle
bitches be like at the beach with my besties
what the fuck am i looking at
when people say you have an explosive personality
says he's going to destroy isis too scared to speak in chicago
once a year, women go completely crazy for about 365 days
take advantage of u.n. and foreign aid-funded housing and benefits "death to the west!"
carribbean women
half my problems are caused by my tone of voice & sarcasm everyone thinks i'm either mad, arguing, or just an asshole while actually i'm just talking
the look after you told your mom you cleaned your room
want proof firefighters do it better? ask a police officer's wife
when she on top & you trynna catch a titty
on the way to go play
extremist are brain washing the children
even if you cut your penis you will never be a woman
six years kid: i want to be an architecht, when i grow up cancer: i'm about to end this man's whole career
when abortion is illegal so you become an anti-vax parent improvise. adapt. overcome
all these flavors and you choose to be salty
normal people: "black squirrel" me: "squigga"
did you know that the chinese eat dogs disgusting savages
dogs are cute, great compantions, and can be taught to obey and protect. a better option than a gun
slipped and hit the bathtub now everyone is asking if things are okay at home
i have no idea how to do your job but my book says you're doing it wrong
how i feel after the all you can eat buffett
and then they said... what about the irish slaves??
yeah bitches totalinarism is a sham
ready for a king of the hill marathon?
you rape em we scrape em no fetus can defetus
"hi. i'm the electrician. i'm here to remove your shorts, and check your box."
back in my day blowing a tranny meant car trouble
meanwhile at the isis strip club
i had a bad dream about the ku klux klan
meanwhile at the isis strip club
william shatner has discontinued his new line of ladies lingerie apparently "shatner panties" wasn't the best choice for a name
musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatend members of congress she's told several republicans that shel'll send them "shawarma", to "give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
hotline to : allah pull pin hold to ear then wait for dial tone
i told a girl to text me when she got home. she must be homeless
emperor haile selassie i world tour a.k.a. ethiopia on the march
how to get a black guy to see his baby
been talking shit about trump since day one. now crying like bitches after getting called out
this would be racist if black people could read
i'm not any different
when dudes try to be funny at the club i'm sorry, is this some sort of peasant joke that i'm too rich to understand?
the last thing a tr*nsexual sees before it gets sent to hell
ultimate terrorist lure position decoy and wait
am i gonna wish you happy birthday? dafuq else im'a do
my liberal privilege liberal privilege kept me out of prison
a group of men
oh look he already has an arrest warrant
assad: my son exploded better than yours, lol hamid:
i love coke more than pepsi
i am peacful! don't believe me? then i will blow you up
when you forget who you are, you too forget who they are
everyone wants me to read the constitution but it's written in cursive
bitch.. shut your ugly crack addict looking, poor white trash ass up
when you're still alive after years of destructive alcohol and drug abuse  life, uh, finds a way
be fake, just to fit in i can't, my life was hard, i been through to much"real" shit
i didn't say i wanted to hang the gays, i said "i prefer gay men to be hung"
good morning
instead of being "born again" why not just grow up?
you will never see refugees from america. when things turn to shit, we don't run to another country. we dust off our guns and fix it
dad, does wanking give you big muscles i don't know son, but don't stop now, i'm about to cum
former first lady during an interview
the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you! radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim
i fuck goats allah is great!
i'm not gay, but for 20$ you can ramit inmah ashol
so there is this new implant that can actually fix stupid
this pork is so raw its ramadan time muslims worship piggy
any time you have to rely upon your enemy for a job you're in bad shape!
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
if you think t willl stop eating palony and viannas voetsek!!! stupid no brain here
her: you must be retarded if you think we fucking me:
stop confusing illegal aliens with immigrants
the hollow coa$ter
i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
nipsey hussle?? didn't that boy pick cotton for me
"i'd like a book on suicide." "fuck off. you won't bring it back."
it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
they will have a surgery soon
first they laugh then they imitate
you know what really grinds my gears? niggers
the city of seattle leaves poop on their sidewalks ...because hosing it off is "racially insensitive"
a good day for taking a selfie
*hits blunt* 'dog food lid' spelled backwards is "dildo of god'
scientist are working hard to cure them all
manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
it looks like you're pregnant i'm pregnant?! no, but it looks like you are..
august, 1945: the last words of the would co-pilot moments before he total destruction on hiroshima unleash i hope these rice people like mushrooms!
that look when you find out your husband isn't coming home from the mosque
there is no hindu terrorism in india. what if say it isn't true? will shoot you dead
when the squad's in town and yall ready to go to the hoe down
hello my lgbtq+ friends it's pride month so free shots for everyone!
the face i make when the media calls bruce jenner catlyn jenner
when your girlfriend buys a dishwasher this is getting out of hand. now there are two of them!
bitch please we both know that's a lie
guess who got reported again by some weak minded asshole
that's enough facebook for today this sammich isn't going to make itself
all kinds of people may worship odin except gays, jews, transgender, sex workers, arabs, asians, non whites, hispanics, and niggers
if you have guns and children, gun safety should be a priority
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you? "
after group sex mohammed is very tired
it's racist to call me a goat humper even though i hump goats
so much trash we need a garbage collector
step one: turn on the gas
illegal aliens immigrants
my first act? getting rid of the smell he brought to the house
yes let the hate flow through you
if i had a dollar for every racist thing i've said... some black motherfucker would probably rob me
nobody: arabic talk show: good morning i hate women
i don't always fuck midgets but when i do, i go balls deep
killing black people is like saying the n-word.. they do it all the time, but get really angry when white people join in
don't mind me i'm only watering my muslims
you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
nevermind ... i'll just wait here
send him to... meowschwitz
kids be like just wait till i get out of time out
when she says you're like a brother to her, but y'all live in alabama so iz we fuckin or nah?
only about time i make it as a character on street fighter
life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
god wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth
when a badge and gun aren't enough to cope with your fragile senses of self worth and masculinity: roadhouse!
your hate makes us stronger
when you can smell shit but you're not sure if it's his arse or your hands
the pic after saying i didnt drink that much last night to your friends
when you get kicked out the library for putting women's rights books in the fiction section i'm right
police academy graduation ceremony
washington and cornwallis at laguardia
proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
that chicken was so black the police just arrested it
meanwhile at the isis strip club
i have no idea how to do your job but my book says you're doing it wrong
praise allah! our 72 virgins
single black mothers with multiple children by different men created the modern day ghetto
when her toes start throwing up gang signs u hit that spot
i got some down bitches i can call
friday nights be like
honor killings are part of our culture well then, it will be my honor to kill you all
they want this not because they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
i cannot comment on your mother because cows are sacred in my country
dear "mrs.imtoogoodtoanswermydms" this will be the last dick pic i ever send your ass. it's been 6 months and still no nudes, don't deserve it. know you got my last dick pic, i put the filter on it perfect
coming home wasted at 6am and seeing people jogging look at these assholes
running away from racism like:
white people is this a shooting range?
wnen you're walking home and come across a naked corpse i shouldn't
the only thing more vile than the attitude of these anti americans.. is the absolute ignorance of the delusional people that voted for them
don't make me kill yourself because that's how you get me to kill yourself
when each letter is a mental disorder
can't get enough save palestinian kids
saddle up boys!!! time too play cowboys
after waking up in the dark, while sick what year is it
"we asked 100 normal people what do you associate with islam?" terrorism 28 paedophilia 25 hate preaching 20 unwelcome invaders 10 excessive breeders 7 goat fuckers 5 i think the missing answer is peace? if it's there i'll give you money myself
finds ringtone that says "amen" no longer has to silence phone in church service
cute female amputee
i have a dream  that one day my people will not act like animals
oh! big surprise he does this you had the steak! i seem to i only had a salad every time! have forgotten my wallet. 13 jews splitting the check
when you're broke af but still gotta buy christmas gifts
when your history teacher starts talking about the holocaust ''
what's the difference between an elevator and a black guy... an elevator can raise a kid
that face you make when you smell something funny
i'm starting to understand both the appeal of and the demand for sex robots
they're just like eggs better when beaten well
you've been hungerstruck!
he didn't let his disability hold him back
stephen hawking reincarnated as a chair
what is the difference between an illegal immigrant and e.t.? e.t. learned to speak english and wanted to go home!
just banged a girl that stutters finished before she could say "no"
so then we told them cannabis is dangerous and pharmaceuticals are good for you
when instagram notifies you that someone is going live the fuck that gotta do with me
i made a website for orphans it doesn't have a home page
"did you sleep well?" "like god during the holocaust"
that is so wrong! should wear a helmet
its cool were divorced but we will always be cousins
i don't have ex's. i have y's. like, "y the hell did i date you?!?"
sorry i annoyed you by making you do your job
he looks hammered to me better nail him!!!
you see that?? it means get the fuck back to the kitchen
i suffer from that disorder where i speak the truth and it pisses people off
when you have scented pokeballs
that look when you just sucked 3 dicks for an 8 ball of baking soda
anne frank hid from the nazis for 2 years
america is made from immigrants. period. we are a melting pot of diverse people
yeah bitches 6,000,000 kill streak
face of terrorism in us
when the whole family wants to go on the party boat
sea monkeys
my favorite vegetable is me!
michael you can afford it
years ago slaves would be used for farming
i told on you, she's pissed
racism is realizing that these are not the same species
not sure if you're being funny or stupid
you can be happy and smiling in any situation
showing the kids you can do it too
my president sitting with a traitor and his tranny wife
recruiter added me on linkedin so i guess things are getting pretty serious
when your teenager "cleans his room
don't mind me just watering my muslims
muslim porn star
these aren't people
look mommy. that woman on tv is wearing my diaper on her head... it's okay honey. she has shit for brains
when i grow up i want to be a scientist
all these flavors and you choose to be salty
burn them all that's my girl
once a year, women go completely crazy for about 365 days
when you come home early and catch your 5th son from 3rd wife in an objectionable position with your favoutrite goat
i'm not sorry
when your white friends invite you to dinner and tell you to bring whatever you want
when you get arrested and the cop says "you have the right to remain silent" but you're happy because finally you have a right
the face she makes when you hit the g-spot
the closest i've come to murder is holding oreos under the milk until the bubbling stops
"no samuel, the star does not mean you're sheriff now"
everyone told me ''he is gonna leave"
i swear harvey's been chasing the same fly for the last 13 years
white kids be like i'm killing everybody, watch
duramax owners be like smokes like a freight train
look! johnny knoxville! it's ba'am!
heeeeaad shoulders wheel and frame wheel and frame
this violence will not be tolerated ! only we're allowed to do that !
honor killings are part of our culture well then, it will be my honor to kill you all
everyone wants colonel sanders autograph when they see him out in public
look son... another terror attack by peaceful muslims!
fuck off ya orange bastards
i didn't have kids so others could take care of them while i "enjoy" life everything can wait. i have a child that needs a mom. my priority. my responsibility. my life
cosby trump why is this guy the only one convicted? matt lauei harvey weinstein bill o'reily charlie sheen
when you think of a cute idea for maternity pictures
i normally rape goats. but little boys are okay
this one time at camp we got so baked
don't shoot im unarmed
wax on whacks off
has an orgasm... ...shoots out tranny fluid
yea, if you could go ahead and explain memes that'd be great!
lmco laugh my cock off
a lamp post in a busy countryside street
you can hide but you can't run
here's a simple grammar question leeroy! "what comes between two intimate and independent clauses?" a semicolon
is a mental illness. being transgender it's a rejection of reality, leads to anxiety, depression, and in some cases self-mutilation and/or suicide. that's not healthy
they violated human rights
i'm sure people who lived in the bible where whites there's no way black people would kill someone who turned water to wine
these kids need elf on a shelf to behave? that's cute. we had belt on a shelf
the face you make after you nut and the goat keeps sucking
jesus take the wheel. carlos, you take the stereo. and i'll take lookout
i caught my goat cheating on me!
women of power
go trump maga white power 2020 kill every race we don't want them fucking our white women
rep. ilhan omar: 9/11 was 'some people did something' here's your something 2977 people dead by terrorism
okay now make sure to get my good side
meanwhile at the isis strip club
ever notice that everything deemed evil by god liberals are for?
not sure if i should steal or purchase with food stamps
when your girl is crazy and she finds your side chick
healthcare is a right and the government should pay for it guns are a right, should the government pay for them too?
where's the chex mix
*violently hitting your favorite punching bag* the other $20 crack whore
i'm not saying it was muslims but it was muslims
my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i hould have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014and planned them in 2013
see? i fuckin told you a little foil on top keeps them jewsy medium rare is best
i hate christians  they all make generalizations about people
a school bus that was engulfed in flames
the people who give a fuck are right over there
smoochies from donald on your birthday!!!
a muslim '' '' party
ay man, how ya been?
ever tried african food? niether have they
football season is once again upon us my brothahs can i get an amen?!
when you cousin gives you a christmas gift and its not a blowjob so, thanks for nothing. merry christmas
a local market
ilhan omar a powerful woman of color
where's jaws when you need him ?
shut up, slave! happy 4th of july boss!
i'm not saying you're retarded but you're retarded
original black friday sale
ww2 was not a game
an expensive netflix bill? i did nazi that coming
peace is love
they will soon be extinct
that feeling when you get home and you can finally poop
when one of your neighbor's needs help now this looks like a job for me
a black man invention
it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
when you can hear mom getting taken to pound town on the fuck truck and all you can hear is her queef and grunt like wildebeest
two muslims walk into a bar boom boom!!
this is adam schiff -democrat- house intelligence chairman, on record to have seen overwhelming evidence mueller report delivered 3/22/19 of collusion why more investigations? just ask this clown for what, exactly, he has seen
when you eat your rehab romance booty in the laundry room but she's day 3 sick
oh you're offended i'm sure i have some thicker skin for you in the back
when i grow up i'm going to blow up
when your dad goes off to do his suicide bombing fuck your sister and it's your turn to and your mother
weekend friendship brunch date
the ink pen has always been one of the most deadliest weapons of the caucasian with it he can sign your life away to poverty, prison, and slavery
need for speed: africa
me: puts bag of popcorn into the microwave every one else at the senior center:
me: wanna watch porn or golf? her: porn. you already know how to golf
here's to you obama, your transgender agenda helped me fish out all the mentally ill on my friends list
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
jamal! im pregnant!!!
hide and seek european champion  1942-1944
i realized i have a road rage problem when my kid started yelling: "pick a lane asshole!" while in my grocery cart
groom excited on his wedding day
me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
squidward setting the kitchen on fire
i just got out of church... just kidding, i'm not that fucking retarded.
"scientists have discovered that they have a lot of intelligent dna unfortunately most of them spit it out"
need a job? the democrat party is hiring no experience or intelligence required
its national hebrew day go pick up a hot jewish girl
cheers to all my haters! be patient. so much more is coming
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
immigrantswave our flag invaders wave their own
i want to be inside your lady garden gnomesaying?
when your teacher and classmates make fun of you for being bad at math so you decide to teach them 7.62x39
i wish you never exsisted
whoever photoshopped this is a huge jerk
"you forget to turn off your cooker in time and steam and water everywhere"
why are liberals so angry? its not like republicans can take their slaves away again.
when everyone who has been calling you racist for the past 2 years are pedophiles
gays hanging out in the muslim world
young muslim woman in a hijab stands at the doorway
i haven't seen a taco this shitty since my wife started wiping back to front
has anyone seen gary? gary is about this tall
how you guys think you looks like but when pados wale pandit jee sees you taba renso
feel that? it used to belong to bruce jenner!
make america great again
me: *turns the oven to 450 degrees* everyone else at auschwitz:
this is what it's like to turn yourself in
cop: please step out of the car me: i'm too fucked up. you get in
i was raped in jail, mom dad takes monopoly way too seriously
fuck multiculturalism have white babies
you're so full of shit even your eyes are brown!
i killed a mouse for you.. i'll do anything for you...anything
you're entitled to nothing want it? earn it
absolutely haram absolutely halal
oh, addiction isn't a disease because it started with a choice?? tell me more about how the chlamydia in your crotch isn't a disease, yet it started with a choice
bull shit, the evolved form of ape man
in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. here i'm free to talk trash about this country in hopes it changes into a country where i'm forced to keep my mouth shut
i'm offended, you can't say that! nooooo, i can, i did and i probably will again!
when someone starts telling you a story and you already know they're full of shit
anjem choudary wants this removed because he says it insults islam. so i thought fuck it, why not share!
you're one ugly motherfucker
i like my refugees like i like my pasta limp and floating in water
fucks a goat fucks a goat
laughs in 52% of us crime rate
but dad please respect the rights of trans kids, it's who i reall- i am going to beat your ass until it's a bloody pulp you hear? no son of mine is going to be a goddamn woman!
all men are animals baby, some just make better pets than others
"whatever we once were "the future must not belong to those who slander we are no longer a christian nation" the prophet of islam "
when you're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre-schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun begins
that moment you realize if you turn your head you're a dead man
men that say they don't like a big fat booty probably prefer a big fat cock
remember the past to save the future
and then he said that he could only 6 burgers
that's right canada! we used your tax dollars to purchase the pipeline so it would never get built!". the destruction of canada is the plan, just ask our boss!" who could imagine well done! that canadians are that stupid?
the most popular, but least talked about, white trash barbie! kids b like "not my fault you didn't pay the cable!"
gets mad about film portraying muslims as murderous savages responds by being a murdering savage
"stupid bitch" is not a race
don't let that sit out for too long
me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
pineapple on pizza in front of a confederate flag let's see how many people we can get pissed off
let me make this clear: if you are on my friends list, you are my friend. i do not copy and paste your post to prove i pay attention to you if you need attention that bad, i suggest a puppy
when you're on your way to worship allah but you forgot your prayer rug
get your fucking hawns aff ma willy
my face when im wating for my cookies to be done baking
what do you get when you cross harvey price with a pritt stick? a sticky black spastic
been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like bitches after getting called out
you've been drinking beer, i smell it on your breath . no, i've been eating frogs' legs. what you smell is the hops
when he's attractive but not kinky it's a shame because he has so much potential
girls reaction when teacher says "get out of class" boys reaction gorilla in a fuckin coupe reaction
what can happen if you eat wheaties for 38 years
am i allowed to watch excuse me, miss? the cowboys game here? of course, sir. it is 2019. you're allowed to be gay anywhere
shit someone added too much soap to the dishwasher again
ramadan begins may 27 bombathon ends june 24
my mom says if i get 1m likes they'll pull the plug
you think im cute? aww, get otter here
old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
that face she makes when ahmed hits the g-spot
what's the difference between an illegal immigrant and e.t.? e.t. learned to speak english and he wanted to go home!
not my president not my residents
the media calls them refugees but this is what you will get
we are returning our broken coffee maker
finally got to do anal! and yes she's a squirter!
this is why we shoot you guys
men are such pigs, i hate them all why can't i ever get a date, i'm so lonely
the original people of americas then social status classifications negro & indian now same phenotype, different social status classifications
when you use "n" word when you word for use "n" filipinos
stop it! i'm trying to work with dishwasher
did my post offend you? tell me which one so i can post ten more just like it you sensitive little bitch
hello mengele i think one of your experiments has escaped
finally gets naked with girl in shower holocaust
when she likes 3 of your memes in a row guess i'll hit it raw
when you're fucking but wanna make sure he's not stealing anything
if you dress like this on laundry day... you'll have an extra 'load' to deal with!
wait, mohammad come back!! i didnt meah to laugh, really size doesn't matter to me lol
we have 3 apples. we give away 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast
when you've finished with your life of crime
chocolate good job it dosen't make all children smile
straight men's physiological stress response to see two men kissing is the same as seeing maggots
this is bill bill supplies his guests with beverages bill makes sure they have a place to sleep bill is a gracious host be like bill
the enemy within linda sarsour ocasio-cortez rashida tlaib ilhan omar
brett kavanaugh grabbed my penis
all i'm saying is, oyedepo can't be "dangerously wealthy"... ...if he didn't have a pack of "dangerously stupid" followers
happy birthday i made you a drink
if adam & eve were native american try this apple, it's tasty..
this type of mission needs to stop
yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
when you've already explained why your mad 3 times & he still don't get it let's just fight
when he brings home his first girlfriend
micro implant allows terrorist to speak to god. it comes in various sizes generally from .223 to .50 caliber
how muslims see us
get the hell out
when everyone thinks you're the bomb
if you got your phone wet try leaving it in dry rice overnight it will attract asians who will fix your electronics for you
white kids be like i'm killing everybody, watch
what are you spooks up to
what's the difference between jews and a loaf of bread? a loaf of bread doesn't burn in an oven
monday at skul after watching sarafina
july first we will open the military to transgender people isn't that why we have the coast guard?
i googled my symptoms and it turned out i just needed a beer
what a long day. i can't wait to get in the pool with my online friends on habbo hotel on this date, july 12, 2006 what the fuck do you mean, "pool's closed"? i fucking hate niggers
black lab yellow lab chocolate lab meth lab
ilhan omar participates in a house education and labor committee markup
it can't be homicide if there is no race
30 seconds into chloroform and chill and she gives you this look
if you're constatntly referring to your skin color or other people's skin color... maybe you're the racist
remember when you needed to bang your tv to get it working? i tired that with my dishwasher and now she's pregnant
hiroshima hiroshima nagasaki everybody needs a friend
transgender satan is not amused
overly attached muslim girlfriend i killed your other 4 wives so you have more time to beat me
firefighter saves baby
overdose
it is disgusting to laugh at gender dysphoria
when your gf is fucking a black guy, so you break a tail light on his car so the police will stop him & shoot him. modern problems require modern solultions
i am never drinking with you fuckers ever again!
white people: all asians look the same also white people:
it's a wiener pit kinda like your mouth
that moment in history when bill clinton decided to rip those poor mexican kids from their momma's arms
put an end to domestic abuse!
how it feels after getting a paper cut
females jump from dick to dick like parkwhore
remind your father while he's carving the turkey that your sister prefers 'dark" meat as you glance over at her bastard mixed race chilren
look! i can nearly fit as many balls in my mouth as your girlfriend!!
"a blow job a day will keep his side chicks away" -sasha grey
during a speed chase which song are you blasting in your car ?
when you wake up a minute before you alarm goes off
lisa page admits obama's doj ordered fbi not to charge hillary clinton in email scandal... hi i'm barrack obama and my ass is grass
no matter what anyone tells you racism is ok
me cis girls
everyone deserves a chance
i said glass of juice not gas the jews
i'm sure glad i dodged that bullet fuck white women asians are cute and tight asf i should know i watch anime and hentai
what do they want? to kill more
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
welcome to new york home of the 3 biggest assholes
puts sock on doorknob sleeps with a blow-up doll
racist grandmoth always treat the jewish kids well, or they will put the shini curse on you
i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
for just ten cents a day you can have delicious hand jerky
when your teams down by 2 points and there's 43 seconds on the clock
i pretend to like people every day it's called being an adult and that's why we're allowed to buy alcohol
proud protector of the american flag and everything it stands for
suicide hotline, how may i help you today sir? i'm feeling suicidal great can you fly a plane?
it's super rare to find a kitchen that has four ovens and three dishwashers
this is not right
hahahaha! fuck your feelings
what are you doing ? nothing babe just women stuff you crashed the car again?
becomes a woman immediately kills a person driving
jolo jew only live once
when you get hit in the groin by a football and your cup doesn't protect your willie
should the government... no
every place has their meet up spot after school
man rejoices over harvest
bitches out there sucking unemployed dick swallowing insufficient funds
"where did you learn to make kool-aid like that britney?"
aging challenge
oh shit!! now were in trouble!!
when your girl is giving you a handjob under the table
49 people were killed at christchurch mosques 49 people were killed at christchurch
"i don't see anything wrong with him, other than he stole a wheelchair."
mom this popsicle taste like shrimp
good things small packages
check out these sweet new scrubs
only josh can prevent wildfires dammit josh you had one job
advice for michael avenatti don't drop the soap
japan soars to its highest temperature ever recorded: 106 degrees that's where you're wrong kiddo
when you've finished with your life of crime
the demonstration of beauty and demonstration of ugly
when you finger an arab girl
sea monkeys
im not saying you're an idiot.. but you're a fucking idiot
kids, a husband, a job... living the american dream
justin come here the chevy faggots are mad again
if you think we need protection from these people... but not these people, you're a special kind of stupid
trashy nation
when a crack head ask for money for food and you hand them a cheeseburger bitch
so you're telling me there's a chance
hide and seek european champion 1942-1944
this is nothing wait til you see my stamp collection
are you bored? let's watch tv
we said we would never forget why are you voting them into our governement?
if a muslim beats his wife, is it domestic violence, or child abuse?
meanwhile in alabama... nothing says come hither quite like your sister in a hefty bag mermaid suit.
tired of bitches running from the dick? i give you the clamp that bitch down 3000
islamaphobe no i just hate the mother fuckers
what's the difference between hillary and putin? putin actually wins the elections he rigs
whats the difference between boy scouts and jews? boy scouts come back from camp
when the aux lead comes out during a fire tune oh fuck put it back in!
moments after you post something that you know is gonna start some shit
when your boss asks why you need to leave early bro, i'm straight-up not having a good time
we will not be influenced this is great britain bloody europeans!!!" by some say knobheads trying to copy something the french did a few weeks ago
you've been hungerstruck!
randomly deciding to bake something
racing for pink slips in africa
i put the "ape" in rape
ever hear something so stupid it gives you forest whitaker eye
we give your holy flag praise our lord and enslaver
gods chocen #psychopaths living on stolen land, armed and subsidized by the so-called "jewish state"
call the cops i don't give a fuck
when you are doing random stuff and realise you left the oven on
pray to god for what you have
" son i understand shyquisha has a big booty but she keeps stealing your mother's jewelry, she can't visit anymore"
im long and strong and down to get the goat hump on
being transgender is a mental illness it's a rejection of reality, leads to anxiety, depression, and in some cases self-mutilation and/or suicide. that's not healthy
men days in the days men today
where's jaws when you need him?
everybody was kung fu fighting
we are no longer a christian nation whatever we once were "the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of islam " "
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
it was on that day tom had enough of jerrys shit
i slipped and fell on ice. i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my hands turned blue
"trump's rally lines are big his "concentration camp" lines are yuuuge
made rice krispies way before kellogg's
how they see themselves how god sees them!
stop smoking that isn't cigarette ash, that's what happens to your lungs
when you're not allowed to eat pork but you're starving
no pity sex? i am going to shoot an unarmed black citizen
not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse... cause i ate him
don't let this group get you downs
kids shouldn't run with scissors lesbians shouldn't scissor with
woke up last night to find my tv floating across the room my first thought was ghosts but it turned out to be a black guy stealing it
ready for the cupcake? wake up and smell the bacon! we're loosing our beloved america to these goat humpers stop being afraid of being called a racist and grow a pair and act like americans
nice boobs i guess it's a tranny omg a shemale
mr. wilson you have to take your pill with water . you can't crush it up and snort it off my tits
kenyans are like sheep, leading them from the hague is like chewing gum while climbing downstairs, easy! come baby, come!!! let's chew gum together.
little girl holding her new adopted brother for the first time
when it's the 1600s and you just got here from africa master looks after us now
& playing you ugly hard to get yo ass is already hard to want
know why gay guys never get messages from foreigners they'll get stoned
during a speed chase which song are you blasting in your car ?
these people are not human they look like peope walk and talk like people sort of but they are demonic entities you cannot rationalize this evil in human form they are under the spell of evil and have no emotion about rape, murder, torture rape of children or murdering you. your life means nothing to them get it?? nothing
when you offer to get someone stoned and they decline
where's jaws when you need him?
all part of satan's plan. the anti christ will come from this
the name's todd... retodd
when you're not only the gay friend but also have the sickest memes
when your moms plastic an you're a spastic tragedy!!
sooo gorillas really are humans
omg quick, someone call hasmat smells like a concentration camp
when you get arrested and the cop says "you have the right to remain silent" but you're happy because finally you have a right
things white people do fuck their family members mass shootings smoke meth steal from blacks suck at sports fuck animals lie about being racist
horses don't see black or white people. they just see food
women are like volcanoes. both stay calm for extended periods of time before exploding and killing everything in their path then, they're calm, again
"when thor throws his hammer, he is "serving justice" when i throw a hammer, i "have anger management issues"
when your step sister says she wants to have a forehead competition
when you move away from india and find out you can't shit in the streets
i love you, couch. you understand me
you can wear whatever you choose no one should judge you
baked potatoes for everyone
that look when you find out the fbi is after you.. and michelle obama ain't answering her phone no more
what!? no i am not asian '' ''
so you think we should import muslims.. did your grandfather import nazis
is it legal to masturbate to pictures of yourself as a child?
the guy who created the joke the jokers
there are many things i need to tell you
don't blame me fuel was expensive
look! it says it right here! we can fuck goats!
every year a million people get sick from eating tainted beef who the fuck is putting their taint on the beef?
when you dont stir the nesquick powder in your milk enough
roses are red candles drip wax breaking news man tries to trade kidnapped baby for 15 big macs
it's obvious that he's thinking about another girl i can't believe that the lamb's bride has been the new jerusalem this whole time
joke time 3 muslims walk into a bar.
the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
let me play with the muslims
happiness happens when we stand together
an australian man kills 50 people in new zealand ~arv~ and the main stream media blames trump
hey, me and ze boys are throwing a kegger at ze moon tower all reich,all reich,all reich!,
faceswap ching chong 100
i offered her a penny for her thoughts she gave me change
when there is no pinyata at the party but the emo kid just hung himself improvise. adapt. overcome
life is hard it's harder when you're stupid
so, where did you get all of this gold elizabeth? i stole it from africa!!!
oh you decided not to use a condom? tell me more why it's her falt that you got chlamydia
in norway we work after dinner
lmco laugh my cock off
what is that wonderful smell? it smells like.... caramel! oh, today we burnt the diabetics
sea monkeys
felt cute, might go sit down to pee idk
handjobs sold seperately
when i see people who post "punch a nazi" in person. im a nazi, gregg are you gonna punch me???
kids enjoying some underwater diving
3 jewish prisoners after being liberated by the ussr (auschwitz 1945 colorized)
when you are excited that a muslim has made it into american politics so the next phase of the caliphate can begin and destroy western civilization but you realize it is a woman
shoot boy, i ain't racist i've got four black tires and a color tv
kill all niggers white power
when the dishwasher isn't working properly and you have no tecnical knowledge whatsoever so you just decide to talk to it and hope it starts working good luck
jew jerky: leave out in the sun until all moisture is gone store in a cool dark place for 3 days
bernie couldn't be more excited for his first day as a police officer he outright refused to accept his paycheck, insisting that being able to legally shoot black children is payment enough
when the deaf kids are roasting you in sign language so you turn off the lights it's a simple spell but quite unbreakable
been here 3 months, gets $1 400 /wk from the government been here 6 generations, gets loan to be repaid in full from the government
changing every single country it touches
they elect their enemy to rule over them stupid americans
when you're picking cotton as fast as your ashy hands can and then you hear your master crack his whip
i pushed my life alert necklace now i'm waiting on those sexy emt guys to show up
girls be like i hate when guys stare at me at the gym
hey this bag only weighs .8 it's graam!
i'm going trans hunting
you've been hungerstruck!!
not a runner? now you are
this one time at camp we got so baked
thank you so much ! - ariana grande you're welcome?
when you get a fish and just stare at it through the fish tank
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
the 70's $5 to see the greatest band live in concert 2000's $100 to see a laptop... live
when you finally meet a girl that can make you bust from head please may i have some more
i don't know man, i just... i just wanna dance
my sandwich- maker is very slow today
police training 101 only shoot the black
when your vegan boyfriend tries to change a flat tire
the media is appalled by threats to her both have been threatened the media applauds all threats to him
theleft will never condemn sharia law the muslim vote matters more to them than preserving the constitution
him: gonna beat dat pussy into mashed potatoes! her: im down!
likes to play games with friends favorite game is called "child soldiers"
when you're looking cute as hell at the gym
come on over i'm having a party the place is crawling with pussy
hey mom the goats asshole is inside out. what do?
one does not simply believe it's not butter
when someone thinks it's okay to fuck with you b/c they think you're all love & light i will stab u in the neck susan
when ancestry.com tells me that i'm 0.1% german rev up those fryers
'' wing wing wing ''
look ma no hands!
you wanna pet me?? i'd pet me... i'd pet me hard
seems like u have a case of being a lil bitch i'm prescribing you a heavy dose of man the fuck up
god does not make people homosexuals or transgendered or sinners of any kind. sin in fallen humanity does
where's jaws when you need him ?
attention ladies: it's football season!!! bring him a sammich, get him a beer, get a hobby & stfu til valentine's day!
yes i have changed i realized i was fucking up and changes had to be made
how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
anytime my dog growls at me excuse the shit out of my goddamn french, but did you just threaten me?
these cute head tilts
why do asians have eyes like this? isn't it hard to see?
im arrested and im in trouble
this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
jews: *exist* hitler: there's enough goofy gas for everyone
no wig no weave challenge
indian accent finally finding the right tutorial you need
if a dike started dating a tranny god can't be mad because it's still a relationship between a man and a woman
say it with me folks radical liberal terrorism
when cops see an unarmed black youth:
caitlyn jenner is kylie jenners transexual biological father
old times were brutal
the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you! radical muslim
trump the messiah of white trash racists
what if the government funded adoptions instead of abortions
stephen hawking defended the use of animals is medical research
big bird scolds the negores for even daring to think that they were allowed to ride on a bus
feeling cute might fuck a tranny later, idk
if elected i will institute gun control by executive action well i was going to say that you just blew your chances but then i remembered that's how you got started in politics
redneck word of the day : inhale " why inhale did i go to walmart today "?
a few minutes after eating taco bell
in norway we rape after dinner
the best revenge is leaving somebody completely tf alone
manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
boobs when you're home alone and lonely
when a spider runs across the carpet fucking smash it
we should learn from ocean how to treat refugees
look out, here comes the master race
but i'm israeli god promised me the car!
i swear some people were conceived through anal sex, because there's no way being that much of an asshole is natural
i pull up in this and yell "come on we got some redneck sh*t to do" are you getting in?
remember when illegal aliens just wanted to just go home? now they want free food, healthcare, and housing
bitches are like stitches pick on them and they open up
lgbt virus [gay zombie noises]
half of trump supporters are deplorable! half of your supporters are deportable
we have peace but we can give wars
kim jong un had more during their debate american flags on display than the leftists did
three k's a day keeps you fat haha
can you send a few dozen more officers please about his rights he's talking
rev al sharpton that gorilla was 17 black and unarmed
before you go around launching lawsuits let me remind you of the surveillance photos we have of you, remember that a tranny crack whore doing lines off your dick
i love the smell of a dirty tranny... relax adam...let joe smell your schiff!!
therapy dogs are now being trained to console rape victims of muslims
when you're talented but also a self-righteous shit head
dad?!? the dishwasher and the sandwichmaker are on the fritz again
blasts meme and parody pages shares posts from the babylon bee
jolo jew only live once
hello is it me you're looking for?
men need walmarts sure they are dirty but, when you're inside one at 4am you think "i'm glad these are here"
shame on you fork tongued devils
when your moms plastic and you're a spastic tragedy!!
well judge, made me do it all remember it was me who first said was kenyan
number of pictures from when michelle obama was pregnant with sasha and malia zero
god loves all his children, all of them
look at me i'm the european now
that's a little racist
remember 9/11
when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
come here you big cup of beautiful coffee and lie to me about how much we are going to get done today
monkeys often pick bugs off each other to snack on
this cat is getting raped tonight
the cat slipped and fell into the toilet i was pushed!!
official muslim refugee checkpoint
this is my ex looking for someone better than me
did you know? women have small feet so they can stand closer to the sink
when a porkistani nibba needs sex let me handle it
islamomopolitan special feature: know your place, how to survive your women: daily beating why men treat you like cattle
embrace the freedom of speech
somehwere in afghanistan a new book isbeing written 50 shades of sheep
walking into a smokers house like
when trump says "i'll pay americans just for agreeignt to have a wall built"
my kid, when i say, "stop, you're gonna get hurt!" 10 seconds later..
and nothing of value was lost that day
classic anne frank photo
barbed wire fence hall of cost victims let me eat let me eat
he said he a lil' bad ass so i hate this tendies in front of him
i got a flat on my way to the store
please in the name of the lord let us all pray for jackson's safety. most black gay men in america will get hiv says cdc
when your girl is bulimic, but you like gagging sounds, so you call her "fatty" while you beat your meat in the shower
do you think a terrorist has or could infiltrate our goverment ???
michelle obama sighted sun bathing in afghanistan
-your pug is cute as hell -that's my son
then i grabbed the booty like, yahhhhhh
you know you're white trash hoes that talk too much shit stop acting like an innocent victim
i don't think he understands the gravity of his situation
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
kevin durant is 12-8 without stephen curry stephen curry is 20-0 without kevin durant no curry, no chip
ever tried african food? niether have they
when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
open's inbox "let me suck your dick" opens profile: it's your crazy ex gf
back off f'ing white male we are on a sex strike
when the booze kicks in and you start putting out the vibes
when the weed hits you hard
happy national women's day just remember, if it has an apple, it has a banana
i'm a simple man i like beer and boobs
remember behind every one of us is a police
i heard we had a rat problem in the barn. time to clean house
about to explode with pride now that his daughter can go to school
barack obama is not america's first black president but america's first mixed race president
oh god oh fuck please end my suffering
i'm not transphobic i just don't like 'em
dishwasher is broken? then wash it by hand
inbreeding it's dangerous and wrong i stand here as living proof
i was going to paint my bathroom door but my girlfriend was dead against it
bend over, touch your toes i'll show you where the monster goes
no i'm on my period no i have diarrea
would you look at that this dryer comes with a free dishwasher
when the fbi raids your house and catches you nutting to 24 petabytes of child porn wonderful weather we're having
how you see it how the turkey sees it
there was a 4 car pile-up in mexico today 93 people died
felt cute, might go sit down to pee idk
at first i couldn't shoot then i thought "shit... that's how i'd want to go!
when i say i gotta go to the bathroom
people always working
this piggy just wants to say have a wonderful day!
this look your wife gives you when you come home from a long day of suicide bombing
stand your ground law. i said "nibber get" .
there are 350,000 churches in america so why are there 200,000 people sleeping on the streets
oi are you looking at me?
what is that wonderful smell? it smells like.... caramel! oh, today we burnt the diabetics
black parent white parent
how dark is your humor? me:
ancestry.com the results are in
"culebra u.s. territory" u.s.miltary bomb explosions march 2019
this steak is so black it stole my television
why do you hate us? all we want to do ia move to your country , condemn your lifestyle, harass your women, destroy your freedom of speech and march through your streets calling for people to be beheaded
waiting for your girl oustide her house
last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
i want it now is a good time
the bald eagle represents the strength and freedom of america
best holiday gift for muslims
"people are not mannequins don't be silent about domestic abuse
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
i'm not talking to myself i'm thinking out loooooooud!!
when you finally graduate in a school in the usa
when you and your homie load each other's dishwashers
how many nails are there in a lesbian's coffin? none. it's all tongue and groove
the world calls it: love. god calls it: abomination
before i get drunk, lose my phone, get naked and arrested i want to wish you assholes a happy new year
spanish word of the day "texas" my fren always texas me when i'm not home wondering where i'm at!
they are not escaping to find a better life they are invading us to destroy ours
stay in step you loser
blackpeoplemeet.com
how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them!
keeping your dishwasher clean will make it last longer
matte black gloss black
when you forget to wash your hands
when you convert your dishwasher into a weed eater
goes on a date gets stood up
when muslims have been slaughtering millions of innocent people across hundreds of countries and finally someone gives them a taste of their own medicine
a rare picture of the beautiful jewish girl, anne frank
your sense of humor is so dark, people are worried about you
superman's flying class was popular, but no one ever passed
a short history of u.s. presidents
racing for pink slips in africa
your milkshake brings all the tards to the yard
you never know how crazy they truly are until after you give them some good dick
when you are back home from cheating
the best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome what have you the right person is still gonna think the sun shines out of your ass
virgo you're both white trash quite frankly
smile for the photo !
yo dawg i heard you like overthinking so you can overthink while you overthink so i made you overthink about overthinking
gas yourself
america : * nukes japan* three days later: ahhhh gettin kinda bored
only a few understand what it's like to be 19 and write your own will
muhammed fixing his calculator
those fucking russians
their average iq is about 70-80, few points above being retarded
i just wanna show you something comment what you think he's gonna show this goat fucker??
and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
there must be some way this victimizes me
"life is like a box of chocolates." it sucks if you have diabetes
the world calls it: love. god calls it: abomination
we can never undo the horrible acts he has commited
hitler wanted this embarrassing photo of him destroyed
i'll take shit that ain't ever gonna happen for $500
time for my 100th selfie of the day
it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
for just ten cents a day you can have delicious hand jerky
walked to the mailbox and back practically a bataan death march survivor
you know you ain't got no class muthafucka
for what turn down
happy age advancement day i suppose congratulations are in order?
black people anything thoat doesn't belong to them
immigrant problem problem fixed
baked potatoes for everyone
families saying goodbye to their loved ones from the other side of the mexican border
why don't i hear the people who asked for my birth certificate asking for trump's tax returns?
i'm not racist, racism is a crime and crime is for them
are you taking a picture or video?
you know you're getting older when you walk by 3 priests and don't even get a handshake
this dude wants to use the same restroom as your daughter liberals call you a bigot if you object
you with the goat stop that!
when you're the only ape at the furry convention
navy, accelerate your life
me giving nicknames to men who have wasted my time: we will call you, "almost."
having a romantice night in can help keep the relationship alive
why don't n**gers celebrate thanksgiving? kfc is closed on holidays!
plays uno that's racist! steals all the green cards
when she say she done with you & you ask her if she hungry & she say no issa wrap. game over
even babies love nikes
cop: this dog tells me you're on drugs. citizen: i'm on drugs? you you'r re the one talking to a dog!
stevie wonder is "wonder"ful
you boys ever played hot potato
new zealand: dozens dead in mass shooting usa: -first time?
who listens to ariana grande's music!
why do jewish men like to watch porn movies backwards? they like the part where the hooker gives the money back
if being racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks & goatshit ruled by a barbric cult then i'm a racist
if the government says, "you don't need a gun" you need a gun!
breastfeed a 42 year old expelled from kfc for breastfeeding her 42-year-old son shit white people do
you don't hate women and minorities? bro that's pretty cringe
when was the last time you saw so many passionate people on the street?
up early to get a head start on exposing the fuckery
a recent survey reported that 3/4 of men don't know how to turn on the dishwasher  i find that licking her nipples and a light fingering usually does the trick!
i bet they make squeaky toy sounds when they fuck
rep. omar, somali refugee, claims life in usa is an "everyday assault" is she right or out of her mind
the dna test results say... you're a cunt
when you find a shooter the same day you plan a bombing, so you team up
when your dive instructor starts yelling in aribic
white people be like "hunting is a sport"
and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother! and i even got a job in congress! these americans are so stupid!!!
a group of dogs
metalhead doing laundry..
chillin with my chromies
meanwhile at the isis strip club
happy birthday the mexicans will pay for your birthday cake
they arent bad if you raise them properly same goes for pitbulls
there is no hindu terrorism in india. what if i say it isn't true? then i respect your opinion
hey there
you know it's going to be a serious blow job when he puts his hair up in a manbun
serving food at the local farm cafe
if you're proud to be white then this is the radio station for you
when i grow up... lol nevermind
lesbian trans woman? ain't that just a regualr guy?
doctor: take this medicine after food african kid:
don't be limited by your circumstances you can achieve anything!
free dishwasher missing parts
who says we have to be a specific color in order to do something we like
meanwhile at the isis strip club
i'm not saying i hate you all i'm saying is if you got hit by a bus, i'd be driving that bus
everyone is welcomed to this country
blowjobs buy one get one free
at least hitler could use an oven
six months ago i couldn't spell kongris now lare one!!!
met gala celebration
the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you! moderate muslim follow my allah or he kill you radical muslim
pray for the starving children while i hold this gold thingy
when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
america in 2045 "grandpa...why didn't you stop them?!"
remember behind every one of us is a policeman
when your sheep wins first place at the fair
this man should motivate everybody
iraqi women are so ugly they have to wear a sheet so dudes can imangine they're fucking a goat
i never dated my cuz'n i fucked him but we never dated
yall got any more of them episodes
sea monkeys
go on, jump in only will kill a few its ok, let them in only will kill a few
shame on you fork tongued devils
anne frank passed away february 1945
open your heart for those in need
money money money!!!
sandwiches we can do it !
1 for english and 2 for spanish? what do i press to speak to a gorilla
big bird's species were mostly scavengers. but like the turkey vulture, they would attack weakened prey
halal... is it meat you're looking for?
it doesn't matter if you unlike my picture i already got the notification
when the squad is about to get lit..
the enemy within linda sarsour ocasio-cortez ilhan omar rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
there's no better time to combine out efftorts than now! blacks whites team - together everyone achieves more
the best part about fucking a chemo patient... you don't have to pull out. even if she survives, the baby won't
an all female muslim rock band
you get 10 times more chicks than me? 10 times o is o
feminist: we're equally upset about this line me *agreeing intensifies*
when you call that one dike bro by accident
i am full! that pho was good !
why are you so dumb
about these "russians", do you see them often? are they in the room with us now?
follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you! radical muslim
i don't want to get attached to anyone anymore... it only destroys me in the end
here's all 3 shooters... the garlic festival, el paso and dayton ...eerily similar in looks. are you awake yet?
let's have some fun
influence the election? you mean like encouraging illegal immigants to vote?
are all terrorists muslim? no, some are democrats
a rare image of atomic bomb testing
hmmm, that new wife smell
how many breaths do i have to take before i'm safe from democrats?
im really sorry that your not feeling well today but im still gonna need a sandwich
got crap for brains??? make sure you wear your diaper
he said he was a biker but then he pulled up on a can-am spyder wearing a sons of anarchy hoodie
i am hungry let's eat a dog
we can not security check syrian migrants properly, but we can trust them. we want to take firearms from the safest demographics in canada, as we can not trust them
i just realized my life turned out better than yours checkmate, bitch
when you don't have to see your ex future mother-in-law anymore
after group sex mohammed is very tired
best thing about her blowjob?... you know shes gonna swallow!!!
how i see a gorilla when hes 100 years old
we've been at peace with japan since 1945 time to make peace with islam
lash christmas, i gave you my heart... but the very necks day. you gave it away!
what's worse than a female driver?
goin fishin
i'd hit this shit harder than her brother hit the world trade center
now y'alls be quiet while massa making things great again
how unarmed black men look to cops
"dad what is "losing"? i don't know son, i'm a trump supporter
i don't have ex's. i have y's. like, "y the hell did i date you?!?"
porki comment army in action against india
dirty immigrant scum
baby look like he pay his own child support
you used so much thyme the doctor showed up to fix the paradoxes you created
removes polish with chemicals no one bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everyone loses their shit
u gotta be prepared for disloyal sh*t no matter how loyal u are to a person
to the douchebag that disliked each one of my memes because of political affiliation... i'll have you know that you are either narrow-minded ignorant biased or all of the above
all she wanted to hear was "i love you" all he wanted to hear was his balls slapping against her ass!
driving tests, licenses, registration, insurance... they just want to confiscate our cars!
1 bomb every minute
when your little car bomber brings home his first girlfriend
laughs in throwing gays from tall buildings!
he is proving you don't have to be poor to be trash
bomb disarmament is a hell of a job. thank you for service
you say trump will be impeached for what? making liberals cry?
trail mix? you mean m&ms with obstacles
overly attached muslim girlfriend i killed your other 4 wives so you have more time to beat me
there is widespread disagreement among islamic scholars about whether homosexuals should be burned or thrown off buildings
being a preadtor is not love this is love
"i'll have to resign" and then i said do i look like i give a fuck?!
white trash not marriage material
just ordered the new anne frank puzzle
that looks like a lot of fun
#unapologetically afrikan harvey weinstein settles for $44 million but cosby was given no such option
stop being a little bitch
cartoon image of a soldier from wwii
racing for pink slips in africa
the only people who truly love each other based on personality are asians because they all look the same
kids playing in the backyard
when your friends find your mugshot online
hello there
the standard hood team a clown, a thief, a dyke, and a fat ugly funny fucker
"if you see anybody from trump's cabinet in a restaurant, in a department store, at a gasoline station... you create a crowd and push back and tell them they're not welcome anywhere" maxine waters june 24, 2018
loses hair from chemo doesn't have to shave pussy
dear teenagers i found your next "internet challenge"
lies that people tell to themselves they think they are normal he thinks he's a human being they think they deserve equal rights
post your most offensive memes winner gets a 30 day vacation who dares win?
radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you! moderate muslim follow my allah or he kill you
enemies. was i right?! surrounded by perverts and now, you are bankrupt, after wwii, i said 'we defeated the wrong enemy.'
a good asian driver
i have a question for the white man, i would like to travel, so i can suggest know if he likes sex and he go fuck himself
when you finger an arab girl
i'll wait until mom and dad are on a date... and then crap on everything they hold dear
fuckyeah! halfday!
look at all these shooting targets
i hope father jeffrey doesnt go in dry today
life is like belgium some times you just have to march through it
that's a liberal all they do is cry
i'm not saying you are a slut but you are easier than poland
what's worse than a female driver?
when your history teacher starts talking about the holocaust
only israelis can knocks the teeth out of a 6 yr old girl
copsuckers be like the whole boot daddy
pull up your pants and back away from the goat!!
your an idiot trump thanks for the wall i'm need target practice
rich theft '' ''
this man was accused of raping his 16 y old daughters friend and all he had to do was deny the accusations thenthe girl committed suicide because they said she was lying, the democrats protected this pos
when you and ya partner think there's no donuts left but there's two
when your ex ask you for help
how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
and then i said, mr. president there's no walmart's in north korea only targets
im not racist, but racist memes are still allowed
images of german leaders and soldiers of ww2
when someone is trying to convince you that a fetus is a living baby but you really don't have a problem with killing a living baby either
jfk jr was declared the front runner for the ny senate seat in 1999 days later his plane crashed, making hillary clinton the newly elected senator
the "i'm not black but my kids will be" face
how much did the holo cost
an amazingly realistic wax figure of anne frank
dudes treating their jordans like
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
look at the bright side you are only half black now
when someone questions your behavior from yesterday that wasn't me. that was patricia
when everything is going wrong but you're positive
stop domestic abuse
searching for buried treasure
saddle up motherfuckers it's time to draw
did you buy your stupidity or you got it for free
singlehandedly putting an end to dumb blonde jokes
"when i'm directing traffic at an accident scene and a citizen asks me "what happened?' "shark attack."
hitler comedy called mein fuhrer
aaaaaaaaaaaaaah my dick is stuck in the drawer
black people are trying to wake up
goat fucker's only .com
that precious moment when daddy finally turns up to a dance recital
so like, why are men even gay? girls have buttholes too you know..
and i shit you not, this fucking eagle just comes out of nowhere..
who is it and what do they do
ah the young they blow up so quickly
i believe racism is just like black people it shouldn't exist
don't let this group get you downs
when you feel confident in yourself no matter the circumstances
handjobs sold seperately
shhhhhhh don't make this weird
when you're the gay friend and also the meme lord
squad goals
trump screamed at nbc for using this pic of him he hates it. don't spread it around the internet anymore
when you lose your jewelry
we now have reason to believe trump ripped the tag off his matress in 1987
when you're feeling horny asf but your habibi is on periods let's try a ____ goat
if slavery had cellphones on the plantation like fuck massah
democrats have found another potential candidate for 2020!
protesting death to the middle east
this is dr kings famous i have a dream speech
don't be rude, folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
how we see muslims how muslims see us
hide and go seek champion july 6 1942 - august 4 1944
when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
hijab babrie comes with stones, shovel and removable head
i'm really sorry you're not feeling well today... but i'm still gonna need a sandwich
10 years challenge 2019 2009
black people when they get pushed too far white people when they get pushed too far
ever read something so stupid it gives you forest whitaker eye
moses and the 10 commandments
my husband is always pushing me around... and talking behind my back
i hate snow it's white and on my land
when you take your dishwasher to the restaurant, but it starts talking
when the weekend hits vs. monday morning
we said we would never forget why are you voting them into our government?
i reckon imma start some shit today mmmm hmmmmmm
when your uber driver arrives but you're probably safer driving drunk
i'm uncertain where i stand on abortion. i like killing babies, but hate the idea of giving women a choice
i can still smell the ford you drive
drinking wine is bad drinking camel piss is good
the only answer the only solution
don't like me? i don't i care, it's still a beautiful day in my neighborhood
trump is starting wwiii turn in your guns go snort a rubber you maggot
i don't always speak my mind, but when i do, i sound like a damn idiot
when you realize you're pregnant because you pull out your tampon but all the cotton was mysteriously picked off
wing wing wing herro? thats racist!
meanwhile at the isis strip club
big and beautiful
call me "sir" one more time and i'll show you a sir! macho ma'am tranny savage
with black power comes no responsibility
gay people: sex is so care-free. we cant get pregnant! aids:
what's shibe's favorite thing to eat? n_ggers a: nuggers
whatever this is.. it's an auburn fan
when you're muslim but you have oil
yeah, just over that hill on the other side of my property line that's where you can go fuck yourself
she asked me to make her feel special so i gave her a helmet and crayons
that moment you use your white privileges
look muddafucka even i know that's fucking retarded
i'm not saying that your mom is a slut but when you were born she slid you back in and out a few times
not every man is going to waste your time... some are tired of the games, and want nothing but loyalty too
stop making fun of our peaceful religion or we'll kill you
always dtsy positive
my dad is the best at hide and seek he's been gone for 15 years
we were known as hebrew israelites until slavery
bro you still care about ace discourse? bro kinda cringe ngl
i want you to wake the fuck up americans! the fucking jews have hijacked your country!
until you give the white man back his god, everything i post is going to offend you
let me play with the muslims
we are all apart of god's plan. christ will come to us
glad she put the paper up someone might recognise her
when you feel mentally unwell seek help
i agree hi 5 bro
this man took millions of lives
what is the most offensive joke you have ever written? if only africa had more mosquito nets, less mosquitos would have to die needlessly of aids
open up for the enrichment
flowers for martin luther king day
i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
you have adhd? well, i know a place i can send you where you'll learn to concentrate
how many likes for this hero
remember when a lost alien just wanted to just go home? what was that movie called?
this is why we shoot you people
patience good things come to those who wait
when your mom has to take a picture everywhere
meanwhile at the isis strip club
diversity is our greatest strength
i said glass of juice not gas the jews
official muslim refugee checkpoint
"that's the way, allah, allah i like it" put'n the "ham" in mohamed
that's black people for ya what did you expect
i've been here once they stole my stuff and claimed god gave it to them
london police speak with suspect
give me a dog treat human
human testosterone injections? why would you think that?
this is how muslims celebrate new year
the whiteman is the devil
that one person in their feelings in the comments
they probably arguing over some little shit
i saw a little jewish boy playing with an ash tray while walking down the road today i asked him if he was looking for his grandparents did jew nazi that this israeli funny?
when your in alabama and your 4 year old sister says she wants a boyfriend
a picture to remember our fun night out
if you got your phone wet try leaving it in dry rice overnight it will attract asians who will fix your electronics for you
i grew up in a household where talking back got your ass whooped
so you're against immigration? splendid! when do you leave?
me: hey maybe we should accept people regardless of their sexual preferences? islamic countries: (muslim noises)
omg the middle east has ninjas too!!
once you are in my pack i will always have your back
where is the criminal?
when instincts take over
stupid neighbours woke me up
riots in the streets
covers his wife from head to toes because sexual thoughts are satanic blows himself up because someone promised him72 virgins to f*ck with
when you don't know who to call the police or the rspca
muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch
"this is not going to be the country of white people" - ilhan omar
never forget 9/11
after 3 million years of evolution we have only lost the hair!
muslims and jews to the fuck off department muslims and jews to the fuck off department
the best way to get on your feet is to get off your ass
mandatory work without exemptions. i do nazi see the problem..
why doesn't aldi's have their own brand of nuts called aldi's nuts?
this would be racist if black people could read
must be time for more liberal bullshit
who the fuck is that person?
who did this
winter weather got your skin dry? i've got some lotion in the back
thankfully youtube blocked those videos or she might have popped even more people in their office
homosexual
official white house holiday ornaments
open carry when you're too much of a coward to enlist, yet you want to intimidate.people by playing army
white trash an individual who may or may not be poor but is monumentally ignorant and stupid
dear lord, thank you for making sure noah put turkey, white tail deer, elk and everything else we hunt on the ark! amen
african girl suffering from a face deformity
when your fifth wife comes home from the mosque showing a lot of ankle so you take her to the bedroom but her pussy smells like the neighbors goat
obama voters
you need to be on top of news
obama sucks. liberals are dumb. conservitives are great. jesus is lord. pro life. get rid of illegals. build a wall. bomb isis. obamacare is the devils work
these were the faulty wires that caused the fire at notre dame cathedral
a tragedy
when blacks started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." spell saggin backwards... those sneaky white people
two girls sitting in a cart east london 1970
life hack: your dishwasher can also wash your car
how police officers take out their trash
this is my step ladder i never knew my real ladder
"what's the difference between the 2? the first one can't sing when you put chains on it"
hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number i'll gas your baby
esther, you so ugly, i'm gonna take yo face and stamp out sum gorilla cookies
a little hood. a little hippie.
how do chinese people name their babies? they throw them down the stairs and see what noise they make
i wonder is he's thinking about me siri, find me interracial tranny amputee midget fisting porn.
when you know how to say n****r in five different languages i'm kinda a gamer
wanted : '' fled from the kitchen ''
under section 44 of the australian constitution any person having allegiance to a foreign power is not entitled to a seat in our government. the un is foreign power
when your days are numbered but you can't count
damn son where'd you find this its ok baby im vice lord you do know know im a tranny right
woman painted herself for art project
woman takes adorable pregnancy announcment photos in a pasture with her horses
this 49er left the nfl to fight for his country please "like" and "share" to support glen coffee!
the only time you'll see a muslim hugging a pig
all people should be protected by those in blue
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
democrats, the test results are back and donald trump is your daddy
polished aluminum f150 proof that you really can polish a turd
women ask for equal rights, and this is why
that's one way to get suspended from school
when it is namaz time but you see a goat in the middle of the way..
who's down for a 3.5 way
if being a racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks & and goatshit ruled by a barbaric cult then i'm a racist
how black people fight here how black people fight there
i'm not saying you are a slut but you are easier than poland
me: puts bag of popcorn into the microwave everyone at the senior center :
when you're fuhrking her from the back and she says "i'll pay the gas bill daddy."
you are the funny one maybe i'll kill you last
in space, reverse cowgirl and doggy style are the same position
a talking ape
when you catch your teenage goat having sex for the first time
i want my 72 virgins to be 66 goats, 5 boys and 1 bi-curious donkey
white people is this a shooting range?
never had one before. what? a room to yourself? a white bitch
you're black. sorry no cure
joe: you were a mistake curious george obama: you'll be a bigger one creepy joe
we about to get spicy and lit up in here
had to get wisdom teeth removed i guess you shouldn't have been such a smart mouth
muslims believe that if they get killed by a woman, they go straight to hell well ladies, it's time to lock and load
imagine if you will a group of people so disgusting... ...they have to make laws making it illegal to hate them
yo mama's so dumb... she lost a rigged election!
best holiday gift for animal lovers
all animals are our friends!
when your dad passes the family school shooting gun down to you
he might only be here for part of your life but for him, you are his whole life
that's it, back to the kitchen! where's my sammich? women's day is over!
life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
baboons on their way home
i don't have time to be racist when i have my american muscle with four working tires
when you're trying to take family portraits but white trash is life, that little girl on the right could teach you everything you need to know about life
lesbians when they spot a hot straight girl... "call me tina cos i'm gonna turner"
every time a person is offended on social media a vote is cast for trump
when you are hanging out with your black friends and they finally give you a cool nickname cracker
2015 ford promotion free aaa membership
justin trudeau the imam of canada
my new wife is like my car 12 years old and stolen from europe
i keep asking what lgbtq stands for. so many letters to remember
i might not be good at sucking cock but i can put beavers outta work
"go into china town, you don't see negro stores. go into jew town, you don't see negro stores. but come up here in black town and every kind of store is here but yours." malcolm x
i suppose a sandwich is out of the question
if this is what they call pride.. then i don't wanna see what they call shame
when your kid actually is transgender
when the serb kid starts talking mad shit
when all those shrugs from not knowing what to eat are starting to pay off
what kind of punch can take out 20 kids and 6 adults? a sandy hook
when you want to enter islam when you want to leave islam
is this motherfucker serious? where the fuck am i supposed to find "a truckload of bitches? "
muslim at the entrance: "hello brother!" brenton tarrant:
the plate is so hot al gore is using it as evidence of global warming
is someone using the oven? cuz i smell gas
who's a birthday girl? you're a birthday girl
i'm beautiful!
i'm not sick, i'm twisted sick makes it sound like there's a cure
ancient problems require jewish solutions needs to steal a bracelet becomes shlomo ben-yisrael
is your name winter? because you'll be coming soon
if you're gonna go boating make sure you have the proper flotation devices
goat yoga is my favorite sport
this faceapp stuff is incredible!
when people get added... when people real ize what kind of group this really is..
remember when illegal aliens just wanted to just go home? now they want free food, healthcare, and housing
yo dude, who passed the aux cord?
when you realize you left the stove on at home
then he said i couldn't come to the barbecue because i always burn the franks
japan soars to its highest temperature ever recorded: 106 degrees that's where you're wrong kiddo
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
does anyone know if he had a donor card? i need parts for my go-cart
you knew that was the wrong hole you're goddamn right i did!
you knew i was a snake when you let me in
captain america when he arrives back in the forties i'm gonna say the n word!
michelle obama without makeup
straight outta oven
i'm not a smart man but at least i didn't vote for trump
this transgendershit is getting outta hand
is there anything more beautiful than the islamic call to prayer?
a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in! 18 years after 9/11 and this is where we are at?
gaming in north korea if you die in game, you die in real life
how many mexicans does it take to build a... oh wow, they're done
most of our clothes come from this
friends house and he when you at your white starts stabbing his parents only the dead can know peace from this evil
when your dishwasher  is done for good
what you americans guna do when they build a wall to keep yall out
temptations
my priceless child porn collection you stupid goyim owe me 6 million sheckles
jesus doesn't care how many bible verses you have memorized he cares about how you treat people
i hate 3 things: racism. sexism. and white men
i don't need to use my hands to kick your ass
burning things that don't mean anything to you
i will lie. i will sleep with anyone. i will attack sexual perverts like joe biden in my own party to get ahead! i will let illegals murder americans. i will let newborns be i want to be your comfortable and executed president!
dont fuck with me... my husband is married to vladimir putin
the face i make when the media calls bruce jenner catlyn jenner
there's so much white trash in this picture i barely know where to start!
when you're hiding from a shooter in your school and the foreign exchange student keeps on crying american students: first time ?
american class american trash
can you please tag laura and let her know she has left her bra
my brother, the more girlfriends you have the more money you lose, the more you don't progress in life find one girlfriend invest in her and build your future together
where did you learn to do it so good? me when i was 2
how black people became christians
large big mac no onions
then he said i couldn't come to the barbecue because i always burn the hamburgers
you just ran past full retard and went straight to potato
drink bleach.. then you can be white on the inside and out!
and just like that, people forgot about area 51 started wanting to look like 80 year olds
if you have a beard but can't change a tire shave
if black people aren't lazy then why doesn't kfc have a breakfast menu
when you start to choke but your uncle knows the heimlich maneuver
obama's fbi did not break "rules" or "policies." they broke laws. they did not make "mistakes." they committed crimes
just trying to do my part
a monkey wearing makeup and a dress does not make it a woman and a man wearing makeup and a dress is also not a woman
if you're constantly referring to your skin color or other people's skin color... maybe you're the racist
liberals before the election trump and his supporters must accept the results of the election liberals after the election i do not accept the results of the election
is my smile creeping you out? you need to tell me if my smile is creeping you out
this is what happens when white people lose white privilege
your birthday it is old, you have become
sign says "take a quarter" takes two
when you ask them if they're having a seizure but they just spasm on the ground instead of answering you all right, then. keep your secrets
i don't know how to deal with criminals, i guess i'll take a shot at them
when you have an 80 point iq but it's the highest in your village
if being racist means that i don't want people of color in my country then i am not a racist
whenever your owner walks to fast !
like a hot ls swapped rx-7 girl with a penis
when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
trump donated his salary to alcoholism research i see it as a personal attack
when someone asks why im such a cunt just am
is it a boy or a girl?
gotta be careful who you fuck with. people will learn you, just to hurt you
question. how do blind people know when to stop wiping their asses?
and if anything happens, the women are to blame that's right, it's their fault, definitely
when it's the 1600s and you just got here from africa master looks after us now
man caught having sex with a feminist at the beach
nascar presents the wal-mart 500
all was well in new york until the fire nation attacked
when you start fingering yourself but your sister cums instead
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
im not a gay sjw like other femboys im racist and a gamer, daddy uwu
sea monkeys
when people just talk about weed and forget your birthday (sad racist noises)
it's ma'am!! i can't give you a ma'am, but i can give you a green eggs and haaaaaammmmmmm!
cheap shoes for sale.. pick up.... christchurch mosque
i don't play
in 2011 trump said "all americans are idiots" in 2016 they proved it
i've been here once. beautiful land and people
for my haters kill yo self bitch!
this is what happens when you're gay in a muslim country
it's simple really white people are stupid they do dumb shit like this all the time
how we see dogs what dogs want to eat when dogs are in heat
when immigrants wave our flag they are not invaders
when she yells the safe word "avocados" but you don't stop cause what can she do about it
siri take me home starting route to jail
meanwhile at the isis strip club
the rosenbergs were executed 1953 for selling nuclear secrets to russia the clintons actually sold nuclear material for development of weaponsto russia
even i can see you're a cunt
it's your birthday i'm controlling my excitement
little white person please leave before my ancestors tell me to kick off this mountain
beer -vs- woman at least the beer can't change its mind after you get its top off
2017 the year of the triggered left
hey, dnc! it's not the people's job to rally around the candidate you choose... ...it's your job to choose the candidate that the people rally around!
death to the jews!!! death to the christians!!! death to the hindus oh, and by the way, islam is a religion of peace. please stop persecuting us and try to be more tolerant
i'm a gnigger and you've been robbed
happy birthday believe me, i am the best and greatest at wishing you a happy birthday
if it fits it ships
radical muslims are snakes moderate muslims are the grass they hide in
how cops celebrate weed busts
if you don't believe in god you're going to suffer and burn for all eternity in hell  child abuse it isn't necessarily physical
i built this myself with my own hands
you can see black lives matter
meanwhile at the isis strip club
oh man my parents are going to kill me
last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
don't do drugs boys and girls
kids and guns don't mix
like if you had one of these only the 1840's kids will remember
this is what whoring pray yourself out to a bitches. religion you've never followed looks like
''dont cry because it's over smile because it happened'' -dr. seuss
when you pick her up for a date and she got hairbands on her wrist
ice perfectly shaped to heal that butthurt
muslim coming omg he looks horny
it's mam  is it though?
i am a goat i eat everything, even your dreams
i see a cat let's get it for lunch
where you can get with that bull shit what is "fuck outta here correct
dear diary: i miss fucking!
celebrating the ebt card. oh snap
me sitting at work thinking about what i'm going to eat for lunch
when someone thinks they've seen all your crazy but you hit them with some next level shit, like "surprise bitch!"
when col sanders opens a kfc in wakanda
"come here, i need's to smack the stupid out of you"
a new target for entry level police academy ''
this would be racist if black people could read
christians don't believe they evolved i agree
islam is a religion of peace if you don't agree then you're ignorant
this isn't even my final form
corn shit lemon piss
omg the middle east has ninjas too!!
when you've finished with your life of crime
did a lot of medical research didn't hurt any animals
when the ss officer is searching the house for jews and he hears shuffling under the floorboards this is where the fun begins what does ss stand for? serious...nazis
muslims contributing to the very fabric of our nation
i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher him: me too!
that feeling you get when a goat's hair tickles your balls
when i grow up i'm going to blow up
i just chased 25 000 high paying jobs out of new york imagine what i'll do for the rest of the country hold my beer
america obama trump
do you still suck dick? faggot
yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
when goats try to pull a car heist
cooooooooooooon!!!!
converted to muslim ? why would you think that?
never get too attached cause people wake up with difffrent feelings everyday
station just got it's newest fire retardant
don't be a pooper
not all men just want sex some just want to walk and talk about how ridiculous our firearm laws are
r*e*s*p*i*c*t wish i had a dictionary
has extra chromosome probably stole it
president trump is saying he will close the border. just do it! americans first! illegals are like sperm. thousands get in.. only one works!
it's hump day!!! oh fuck!!!
when a cop gets his first gun
we live in a society where they lecture us on morals and biology
a serbian man
be careful
whats wrong with me? why am i so happy?
whats wrong with your skin? why is it like that? oh you're black? thats pretty cringe
trump supporters if they were any more inbred, they'd be sandwiches!
when the white kid you've been nice to passes you a book under the table and he wrote "you're cool. run out of the school when i give the signal"
are u a wizard?
everyone has a choice
ahmed? i'm pregnant!!
she will only marry a pubg player
when each letter is a mental disorder
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
has anyone seen gary? gary is about this tall
i'm not a racist my shadow is black
your are a solder ready to die for your country
i'm smoking cones and i just found buzzs shard you'd better come out and stop me!
ever tried african food? niether have they
shia men after getting erection behan kidhar hai??
white cop kills black man black man kills black man
when you try out ancestry.com and find out you're related to hitler... i will finish what you started
it explodes on penatration new military drone to fight isis
my wife threw me out after she caught me measuring my cock it just reaches the back of her sisters throat!
you don't like thick girls? fuck wrong with you?
the look you get when your in the wrong neighborhood
when a girl says she is lesbian so you become trans to smash modern problems require modern solutions
how uncivilized typical nigger
so, you think by being a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you ? you are a special kind of stupid
mom won't let me use the oven with my jewish friends
i think i almost got my dishwasher working
patty cake patty cake butthole hand i got tourettes syndrome chicken fucked ham
cuddle party
are you bored? join spastics with special admin powers now
shut up you meathead
keeping your dishwasher clean will make it last longer
white people be like it's you and me. black people be like look at these dumb ass crackas sittin in the middle of the damn road
border agents in texas apprehend over 400 illegals in just a 5-minute span this is an invasion! why are some republicans trying to keep our borders open??
muslim figure: "we must have pork-free menus or we will leave u.s." should we help her pack ?
when you try to catch a dark type pokemon
disgusting if u have ever dated a nigger and ur white kill yourself once you go black you'll be a single mom for the rest of your life disgusting
i want to make a lamp shade from your skin because you light up my life
my grand father died at auschwitz he got drunk and fell out of this guard tower
i'm wanty... not needy huge fucking difference
what dogs look like to black people what dogs look like to asians what dogs look like to white people
oh how cute.... a guinea pig.
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
i got some muhammed for you right here how you like me now?
who can deny the cash chambers
oh look, men
cracking open a cold one with the boys
has orgasm shoots tranny fluid
american woman holding african girls
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
donald trump wall cop or muslims no mexicans don't mess with his wall!
they fear us waking up from the bull shit, and taking back what was stolen from us
fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck!
when whit people don't get shot by the cops because of their skin color i'm sorry, is this some sort of whitejoke that i'm too black to understand?
my gas bill was this high
i finally stopped drinking for good now i drink for evil
people tragically jumping to their death during the 9/11 terrorist attacks
vegetable soup
it is easier to pick fights with black women than to challenge white men
it's the kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiikes
when you post a dishwasher meme and trigger the feminists.
i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
i like pizza cause it doesn't scream when i put it in the oven
it appears you're hm.. a cracker
i'm voting trump the last clinton left a bad taste in my mouth
though they should not be here illegally, that doesnt mean they're bad people
i hate women so much i'm not even joking bro
make sure the girl sitting passenger side in your car is the same girl who'd be sitting with you at the bus stop if life turned out differently
fucking queers
let's get something straight: hero. not a hero
how you gotta treat girls with smart mouths
the flavor in this dish was nonexistent customers started a religion just to believe it was there
has anyone seen gary? gary is about this tall
what hitler would look like as a female
becky lemme smash
"we fly planes into their buildings now they kiss our asses!" "
smashed potatoes
14 million kids living in poverty in america but democrats fight for illegals
when you'res high as fuck and hear a loud sound the fuck was that
that's why we bomb you
when each letter is a mental disorder
when you dress up for dinner at your muslim girlfriend's  parent's house
why do white people smell like bologna?
maybe if didn't considered car racing as sport we'd be in better situation
my face when i find out that school is canceled
don't be a fool it is a bomb
kick islam out of america you can't walk with god holding hands with the devil
it's okay for you to believe what you believe it's not okay for you to demand other to believe the same way
if this is what they call pride.. then i don't wanna see what they call shame
where's the rescue ship when you need one ?
mohammad says that camel urine is medicine. do you really believe that crap?
shut the fuck up incel all are welcome here, racist cuck
turn for what?
remeber behind very great black man is the police
so you know a lot about politics?! please, do continue to repeat everything your parents have told you
burning them was a great public service
when muslims attack be prepared to fight back
chances are that god was black because he didn't even raise his son
you're an awesome nigger!
follow your dreams no matter what people say
sit down kids, i will now tell you how i met your mother
when someone tells me women must serve men
i don't see whats wrong with him other than he stole that wheelchair
happy fucking birthday now let's party
don't think that food is expendable, not everyone gets it
the perfect bag doesnt exi--
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
one little phone call and all charges are dropped
so, where did you get all of this gold elizabeth? i stole it!!!
everywhere: eats africa: "we don't do that here"
i was really shocked when my wife gave birth and the baby was black. is there anything that woman can't burn?
ugly mafuckas be like... bru, i know she want me i got dreads
i didn't buy a colour tv to watch naggers on it
muslims have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one!
rise and shine my fragile americans what silly nonsense are we offended by today?
i forgot to put it out on time now it is sitting there for whole day
this one time at camp we got so baked
you call me a goat fucker like it's a bad thing
digging up something is hard guess excavation isnt for everyone
you have adhd? well, i know a place i can send you where you'll learn to concentrate
i once dumped a cross eyed chick thought she was seeing someone else
go back to sleep your government is in control
black peopple started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." spell saggin backwards... those sneaky white people
when you tell her on the first date to be "herself" and she starts snorting xanax off the table
let's shake hands and forget about that colonialism stuff
the muslim on the front door be like: no full auto in buildings
the best way to get chewing gum out of your hair
there is always good and bad in this world
cop: any questions? *black kid raises hand* cop: jayshaun if you don't put your fucking hand down i'll shoot you like i did your father hands up don't shoot
this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
has orgasm shoots tranny fluid
damn it john. leave stevie alone
mornings be like
when a retarded kid tries touching you
put'n the "ham" in mohamed
whitesox ticket: $55 beer: $8 hot dog: $6 watching a muslim from kenya throw a 28 mph. fastball like an 8 yr old little girl: priceless
you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
pals
you don't have to put on the red light
the media trys to show only one side of the story
"i'm pregnant with your son, i trust that you'll be a good father" "aight babe, i'm goin for a drive"
and then she said i'm a blackbelt in mcmap
slave ship sailors when they found africa for the first time looks like these black creatures really mean business!
feminist literature? you mean cookbooks?
when you pour a bowl of coco puffs and realize you're outta milk
yall got any more a them cracka ass crackas?
if you don't like the way i do things feel free to mind your own fucking business
musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress. she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma", to "give them a taste of her culture"
1 got 99 problems and chromosomes
adult peer pressure: seeing your neighbor mowing their yard
i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she got a fine for littering
when there is one coco puff left in the bowl
that face she makes when ahmed hits the g-spot
master chef with low rating master chef with high rating
freckles are cute i don't care what you say
him:
my grandpas tractor never broke down
the only fuck i have left to give andddddd there it goes
the i don't listen well barbie. comes with the stove she should've been using
yes we know trump said he'd build a wall. presidents say a lot of things without acting on them. just to get your vote
literally nobody: white people sitting at the bar: can you put it on the golf channel??
your purchase of $19.99 comes to $21.36 after theft
the first thing i did when i got home from the battered womens shelter? the dishes... 'cause i know what's good for me..
out on duty
you can hide but you can't run
now, you're telling me you were so ingrained with white trash dna, your facial hair actually grows in on its own all white trashy like that?
if i identify as a dog can i poop in your yard?
cow girls like to take their summer photos in hay fields
"i don't care mom, if they deport juan i'm going with him"
only two things come from muslim countries pedophiles and goat fuckers! which are you mohammed?
where is the pinata?
what's that smell?
the power of makeup
my car had some trouble i need to take it to a mechanic
how i feel when i hear the name obama
when you found your wife is cheating on you
hiliary i'm coming after you and i'm bringing handcuffs
him: gonna beat dat pussy into mashed potatoes! her: im down!
look, i'm really sorry that i made a "pew pew" star wars lazer blaster noise when i jizzed all over your titties i suffer from immature ejaculation
when you're broke af but still gotta buy christmas gifts
well look at you i've never fingered a potato
a group of baboons is called a congress suddenly makes sense!
islamic windchimes
why girls wanna be mermaids: 1. no pants 2. no periods 3. perfect hair 4. you get to lure men to their deaths well that escalated quickly
because of trump walmart is selling american made appliances again
you say you're tired of the race card? well we're tired of the mental illness card mass shooters young often taken alive white by their brothers in blue male
all woman or all tranny?
about to wait in line at the dmv before school
when you're picking cotton as fast as your ashy hands can and then you hear your master crack his whip
meanwhile at the isis strip club
if the words you spoke appeared on your skin.. would you still be beautiful? nigger
oh you drive a dodge, do you blow trannys as good as your truck
when you dont stir the nesquick powder in your milk enough
when she's trying her hardest to make you cum but you already visited your favorite goat
normal people , indian people
your hate makes us stronger
hitler nonchalantly killing millions of jews with no remorse
arnold schwarzenigger i'll be black
kon'nichiwa anata wa fucking nigger
hey muslim eat me!
this can get me through anything
well look at you i've never fingered a potato
don't know how to deal with black people but i guess i'll take a shot at it
the day you graduate from catcher to pitcher
new seat belt design 50% less accidents
bitches are like stitches pick on them and they open up
you must follow my religion radical muslim you're welcome to follow my religion, if you'd like! moderate muslim
if you invite the snake in don't cry when it bites vote trump or don't cry later
we cannot allow birth control we will run out of children to molest
i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
women rights in islamic countries
"gee elmo... i didn't think my long beak was promoting rape culture. but if you learned about feminism on the internet you must be right!"
it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
they have no where to live makes special camp spots just for them
i am hungry let's eat a dog
my favorite sex position is the challenger i go hard for 73 seconds then prematurley blow
when you go to the store for a dishwasher but you find your best friend instead
it's not over! until i say so!!!
the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
in 8 yrs i improved life for millions of illegal aliens every muslim terrorist group & basically everyone i could except the one country i was responsible for
women are like bacon they look good, smell good, taste good and slowly kill men
men are like dogs we're excited to see you... and have no clue what you're mad about
jamal! im pregnant!!!
paper is white and paper beats rock
when the oven is full so you start putting jews in the deep fryer
traps are just flat chested futas
one touch, and i can heal everything don't touch us, we're on disability
i told him i wanted it to be magical so he fucked me and disapearred
excuse me! anyone can wear a dress!
it took you 10 minutes to get home google maps says it takes 8. who is she?!
when you know you have smoked too much meth
average white "women" average muslim women
can we stop calling them "undocumented immigrants" and call them what they are criminal trespassers / illegal aliens
dark humor is like him '' it never gets old
"harder, harder" "that's a good boy"
just a reminder that the guy on the left believes he is genetically superior to the guy on the right
party tonight? i'm down
inmate comes out of the shower and asks for a towel auschwitz guard:
thinking befor '' '' robbery
what do you call a muscular arab? protein sheikh
it's time for the entire free world to unite against islam because the savages are already united against us
felt cute. might kill your toddler later. idk.
i cant wait to name you its almost been 9 months
remember no matter how much you whine like a little bitch trump is still your president
yes donald. that sounds good. i once built a wall too
what's worse than a female driver?
some people hate trump some people hate hillary but everyone hates duke
we're his kids and he hasn't returned yeah this makes sense
oi!!! that's not the umbilical cord
life goes on
you are finally here, brother-slayer. spawn killer. all that strength and you're still nothing but a nigger
tomorrow will be another beautiful day filled with assholes
i don't know who gave my child a whistle but i will find you and i will kill you
when catnip got mixed with the turkey
if i just keep looking cute they'll surely blame the dog
fidget spinner for woman
my dishwasher is acting strange, can anybody help?
when your brother sucks at driving
god gave his arch angels weapons because even the almighty knew you don't fight evil with tolerance and understanding
meanwhile at the isis strip club
teacher: alright class take out your calculators mohammed:
when you see the gas bill
getting stoned in america can be expensive in my country it is free for everyone ''
meanwhile at the isis strip club
black lives matter '' ''
is that guy fucking a goat god damit carl...he is
thanks for the shirt asshole
what's the difference between an elevator and a black guy... an elevator can raise a kid
support the temple motherfuckers i'm here to claim the rights of husband you never give your wife away join the fucking government i hate all freemasons and christians
i feel like the big bad wolf looking for the 3 little pigs
abortion is a crime!!!
when he's muslim and asks you to role play
somewhere in a galaxy far, far, away someone will say the n-word
when your boss calls on your day off oh fuck you're gonna make me come
the us navy keeping tranny hookers laid since 1775
bruce jenner's cat
when you're a good farmer who raises healthy animals
i burned the food so black you know i had to do it
cop: am i pronouncing this right, kfc? guy: it's allen cop: ok grape soda
how do you play taliban bingo? b-52..f-16...b-1..a-10
30% of women should have just shut fuck up
original black friday sale
we'ree just here to blow you stupid british people e up, letting us in your country
all living things are one
jews: exsist hitler: it'd be a lot cooler if you didn't
ugh, this water is really salty and weird
this chick can't stand fishing
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
sex with a muslim man? i'd pick the goat, too
when you eating in a chinese resturant and you hear a dog barking in the kitchen.
i'm not racist, but... racist memes are allowed, right?
the military finally captured the massive orangutan
i've just blocked myself i'm not putting up with my shit either
gets mad about film portraying muslims as murderous savages responds by being a murdering savage
pygmy goat says chew when you eat
you're not really drunk until you are speaking fluent ozzy osbourne
don't get me started about your problems
look at me im yo daddy now
mohammed i'm pregnant...
manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
muslim couple taking a selfie
did you say dude blew his tranny???
why do people think it's okay to call babies he or she? they can't speak yet so they can't say their preferred gender please refer to them as babyself or toddlerself until they can say their pronoun preference otherwise you're ableist and transphobic well, there it is the stupidest thing i'll read today
when you found out your wife is cheating on you ya allah
made six million fed five thousand jews with jews toast five loaves and two fish
cleaned up my friends list before it was cool
jokes don't kill people they kill people '' ''
.... if only it gave you legs
i'm pregnant! are you having a boy... or an abortion?
9/11 gets a mourning day while gay get a "pride" month because homosexuality is a bigger tragedy
swiming in the summer
sometimes i crunch up my jizz when it dries and i bring the white powder to parties and watch people snort my cock sand
transgender people have a problem with their head not their crotch
how i sleep knowing i'm going to hell in every religion
it was real in my mind
how black people became christians
in one ear and out the other like a boss
what happens when you stay out in the sun for too long
wow! a dishwasher that can also clean your car
my name is jafar i come from afar there's a bomb in my car allahu akbar
that chicken is so black it owes child support
if it's brown flush it down
when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
when each letter is a mental disorder
normie: "your meme's are racist and offensive, i'm unfollowing" nigger me: "take this on your way out"
bruce jenner's cat
these people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water. then why don't they move closer to the fucking water?
siri take me home starting route to jail
a black man created the toilet, he made it white on purpose
gets drunk gets drunk has sex has sex rapist victim
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
look at me i'm the president now
understanding terrorism: ilhan omar democrat represents muslims fanatical muslim terrorist represents all muslims
goes on ancestry.com instead of match.com
premier michel marrakesh
when the turbulence in the plane gets intense
terrorist can come to this country way to easy
when you throw yourself in a casket bc you're over it
former first lady during an interview
when your ex says "you won't find a b*tch half the woman i am"
too much ram not enough dodge
who's down for a 3.5 way
first you add a handful of rice
why can't we spend money on education instead of drugs ''
when veterans start talking shit
bend over, touch your toes i'll show you where the monster goes
i know you're lying.. but continue.
when you're burning jews but the guard falls asleep don't let the flame die out!
i'm sorry i didn't mean to hurt your feelings
brett kavanaugh grabbed my penis
the face you make when you don't understand what "stop resisting" means
gay friend asked for directions told him to go straight
free dishwasher missing parts
chief crooked bone spurs aka donald trump proving you don't have to be poor to be white trash
aight girls make it look natural
i'm offended that means i'm right
i haven't seen liberals this angry since yesterday
i'm not saying i'm fat i just have more chins than a asian phone book
got his house fumigated for termites got service connected for agent orange
actually, im not even mad thats amazing
a muslim threesome
you call me a goat fucker like it's a bad thing
the female body is a gentle, delicate flower except for the vagina. pound the fucking vagina
for gay pride month i'd love to pump a gallon of my aids infected homo milk up your large intestine!
the worst part about being both black and jewish ? you have to sit in the back of the oven
i can't kill the terrorists. they're all my relatives!!!
men are like dogs, we are excited to see you and have no idea why you are mad
how chevy guys go muddin how ford guys go muddin
the best way to get chewing gum out of your hair ''
this person wants to use the same restroom as her gender. liberals want to compromise
if your happy and you know it clap your hands.
ask me if i give a fuck
every life is precious
this is what science does for humanity this is what islam does for humanity
a real man... loads the dishwasher every night!!
i need someone to look at me the way he looking at that candy
stop editing your pics. what if you go missing? how are we gonna find you if you look like barbie on fb and chupacabra in real life?
using your brains to paint a ceiling  michelangelo kurt cobain
i don't want no windmill blowin no cancer on me
this nigga so black they had to change his background white
men wearing dresses and molesting our children? the word you're looking for is clergy, not transgender
when you ride in your first self-driving car
oh look, a tiny bit of rain ...and i've forgotten how to drive
why did paul walker cross the road? he wasn't wearing his seatbelt ifunny.co
elmo laughs as he shows the trannys he chromosome you need to be able to call yourself a man
when you and your bestie feelin' the hit of the bud kick in
if anything can acheive world peace, its bacon
if you think it's okay for iran to have nukes, but not okay for law abiding americans to have guns you might be a dumbass
when ur so excited to beat the essential oils out of a manbun that you almost snap your hippie stick
looking for attention? join us
when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
the mighty liberal army ready to fight for socialism
knowing white people he's probably the father
welcome home
the haters have arrived
adam schiff used tax payer money to pay off a 19 year old male due to sexual harrassment claims echo, if you are sick of this creepy & dosgraceful hypocrite, trashing our president !
joke time 3 muslims walk into a bar.
sexbomb sexbomb you are my sexbomb
my feelings a new amazing anime all must suffer with my new angsty episode
white people throwing rice at weddings. "why are they wasting the food"
this is hercules the ligar. he weighs 922 pounds. that makes him one of the biggest pussies on earth next to your bitch ass
my first act? getting rid of our low uneployment rates
therapy dogs are now being trained to console rape victims of muslims
a real man... loads the dishwasher every night!!
"those that attack one muslim, are attacking all muslims" those that attack one american, are attacking all americans! "
jewish invention ''
that look transgender preditor gives when she's hungry for white people
muslims in 2001 muslims in congress 2019 defund homeland security!
that face you make when you realize where all them free drugs came from
xzhibit wearing new jewery
when you are virgin for a long time and then you see memes on muslims fucking their sisters, mothers, fathers and goats and now you just can't be more proud of being a muslim
when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
when you cant decide whether to feel sorry for this man or just hate him
when your girl thinks it's cool to yell at you in front of company
native american women
damn chewbacca ewoks are our friends
we want sharia law !! well.... go home
you're a rapist, you're a rapist, all mexicans are rapists!
american teenage girl visiting the children of africa
people love whoever
you stupid americans we are taking over your country and you can't stop us
stupid people should carry a sign to let others know they're stupid me: some do
if the bill of your hat is flat and has a sticker on it i just asssume you're a douche bag
no mommy nig i've no idea who did it
what a cute little baby bacon
people gather for eid al-fitr praying
maga bois when they see trump coming for suppressors "you were supposed to be the chosen one!!!
taking on a job at the morgue, ernie has finally found a way to do good in the world. if all those girls die as virgins, they should at least not be buried as such
my pussy is getting hard
i was holding a door open for an asian guy and he was like "sank you" so i knocked him the fuck out. you don't talk about pearl harbor like that
up to train & @peta team @ unhumanrights therapy dogs to console muslim rape victims
i sold all your games because i'm the only thing you need
let this tranny suck you to completion for 3 billion dollars  yes or no
this muslim guy is in heaven
it's gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes
whoah! chill out
matte black gloss black
sea monkeys
when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i can't
and so it begins... pedophelia was always the end game of gay marriage; we christians tried to warn you
look dad im doing it you did it tyrone! you stole your first bike
big shout out to all those who haven't blocked or unfollowed me i'm impressed
yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
white people be like: outside inside
one day christians will have to live like this to avoid the mark of the beast are you prepared?
i like big girls because, no matter where you grab them it feels like titties..
why you asking stupid questions
you can't get her pregnant if you practice abstinence
jamal! im pregnant!!!
fifty shades of goat an isis love story
new zealand edition call of duty
we shall snort cocaine and have our assholes tongued by the angels
lazy day nothing to steal
good fences make good neighbors bad neighbors make good fertilizer
keep flirting with me i will find you and i will fuck you
something went... terribly wrong 1947 2017
go ahead, report me they can't un un-butt hurt you the truth
the government i can offer you security, i require only that you kneel conservatives now see, that's gonna be a problem
what i used to look for what i look for now
don't be racist hate everyone
how i act when someone gets offended by some real shit... oh... i'm sorry bitch
tell trump + mcconnell to stop trying to help democrats pass amnesty for millions of illegals by june 28! (202) 456-1111 (202) 224-2541
sorry i'm late have the racist comments started yet?
farm equipment and livestock don't mix
i'm just here for the boobs
oh look my new dishwasher arrived
now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by this hump day
"have you tried their food? neither have they"
i am not racist some of my best slaves are black
when she got a big booty but she's classy
i'm a feminist and i work to protect rights of women . calm down.. i didn't mean muslim women
what you can find in amazon
if you believe that, i've got fresh cattle to sell you
when you type fidget spinner but it autocorrects to midget spinner
who was the greatest prostitute in history? ms. pacman for 25 cents she swallowed balls until she died
they told me to clean my weapons so i washed my hands
when your dick game is weak but your finger game is out of this world
have you ever talked to someone so stupid that it gives you a forest whitaker eye
happy birthday dickhead
when mama say sit yo monkey ass down
when you tell your islamic friend, you cannot go on the same plane as them. all right then. keep your life
this time jesus you're not getting away
being buried with honor vs disrespect in an unmarked grave
i got some muhammed for you right here howyou like me now?
who decided to call this a urinal cake instead of a piscuit
white trash go to hell trump fuck donald trump
that magic of makeup is astonishing
winnie the pooh skinny the jew
if you kill as many as you want our goverment will put you in jail
no one: white cops: he's black, so i'm assuming that he's evil
turn your dishwasher into a snow remover
i saw an ad on tv. i called the number on the screen i had to get one, they seem to work so much better than those sticky strips that hang from the ceiling
i did it for harambe
we have to stop this recent culture of people telling us they're offended and expecting us to give a fuck
petition to give jacinda ardern nobel peace prize reaches more than 18,000
knowing white people, that's probably the babies father
muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security!
hate should be abolished from every neighborhood and removed from every country
the only white man that i trust..  for about 15 seconds
how to pick chicks in auschwitz
yaaahhh africa!
has an orgasm... ...shoots out tranny fluid
i'm not transphobic i just don't like 'em
jews had to have stars sewn on to their shirts in order to identify them during the holocaust
cotton farm
immigrant problem problem fixed
some people think magic is the devil
my parents lived better with a high school diploma than i do with a 4 year degree of the 3 million available jobs today, less than 20% require a 4 year degree "we are lending money we don't have to kids who can't pay it back to train them for jobs that no longer exist. that's nuts -mike rowe
are u a wizard?
you with the ewe stop that!
do you have a moment to talk about allah?
fifty shades of goat an isis love story
vw owners be like hmm_must be a tdi meet
when you have to hold her like this at night because she steals
when your kid actually is transgender
when your little one brings home his first girlfriend
holding cooking classes for those with disabilities gives them a new form of independence
mom.. this horse smells funny!
back off murderers we fight for justice
baby with beauty marks
interracial dating somting like that
my kid threatened to hold his breath until i gave him dessert. he's now passed out on the kitchen floor i don't negotiate with terrorists
sooo gorillas really are humans
we will take your guns... then your bibles
got thrown out of a muslim clothes shop today. i only asked where the bomber jackets were
let me "talk" to the ceo of lgbt
when it's time to talk about the birds and the bees
this transgender shit is getting outta hand
hitler, the leader of the nazi's
when your master refuse to feed you a watermelon after you pluck cotton from his field
nana addo 2016 compare the difference
evolution if you don't believe you are idiot
breaking news: al franken fondles former first lady !
woman are supposed to be like butterflies beautiful to look at and hard to catch. yall are acting like a bunch of mosquitos
i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
selling this anique farm equipment still works and runs like a champ. serious inquiries only
welcome to melbourne
danish bacon ... it's gonna rock your world
when you forgo history and embrace your slavemaster
mr free shit and bullshit mrs
i love it when people think my posts are about them as if i had enough time to insult you bastards individually
class! class! listen! daylight savings ends today you must move your clock bombs forward one hour
they did not even leave dogs
gay conversion therapists hate this man learn how he cured the gay with this one weird trick
when you need a diaper because you're a still a baby
dishwasher is broken? slap her a few times
speak out to end domestic violence
you're a killer! your only purpose in life is too skull fuck the enemy into submission! just let it all go and act normal!
rev al sharpton that kid was 17 black and unarmed
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
happy birthday can we go to a mexican restaurant? we will pay
happy birthday and believe me, no one can wish you a better happy birthday than me
when i try to be my self around people [ everyone disliked that. ]
a wax figure of anne frank
teacher: " ok class, bring out your calculators" mohammed:
just trying to  do my part
chillin with my squad
ah, i think we may have found the problem you appear to be a person of colour
please tell me this happens to other people
when the squad is about to get lit.
fuck allah fuck islam and guck the child raper muhammad and yes that's pork in the quran
before you start praying with me remember you should always say: "in the name of allah"
how they see how i see
i agree hi 5 bro
a muslim threesome
stupid you are breed you should not
rev up those gas chambers
we should put a stop to capital punishment
when someone drops a penny
woman badly injured in fight
you know like when the tv doesnt work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
share this pile of bacon for no reason
when you fire up your 30 year old straight piped shitbox "hell yeah brother"
*when they cut muslim child neck instead of dick* the bomb has been defused
that job interview was going so well. until i realized i was fucked up on acid in the middle of a cornfield naked and talking to a scarecrow. fucked up memes funny messed up pictures
jamal cycle faster the owners are coming
when you walk into the furry convention and you pull your ar-15 out purification is imminent
we don't always die, but when we do, we don't
when you're cutting onions infront of your wife and you're trying to hold in your tears
trump derangement syndrome is real we can help! our skilled operators are standing by to take your phone-calls 1-800-you-lost let us help you get over it
when black dick just ain't cutting it anymore
opens ice cream shop only sells shakes
marge, i converted to islam!
when people talk trash but you're a bigger person
like me you idiots should be storming the capitol right now instead you're drinking beer, smoking weed, and shooting off chinese fireworks. now do you see why we made you slaves?
a fast sandwich maker
the most underrated cook of all time
i see you are our waitress i'll order very sloooowly obviously you don't listen
when you recorded 3times "talak" in your abbu voice and plays it in front of your mum becuase you wanna fuck her after divorce ye hai digital buslim
2 +2 is potato minus 1 is poo quick math!
i don't always have sweaty balls but when i do, they're wetter than a tiajuana hooker during spring break and smell like a zombie's vagina
when he asks you to get on top & ride his meat but doesn't know you're gonna jam it in your butthole & take his soul
these are just to break
immigrants illegal aliens
message from the other side tell the muslims there's no 72 virgins left
west side east side genocide
don't text me i'm in a meeting
is your girlfriend hot like me?
come back
how do you like my retro red bike?
in 8 yrs i improved life for millions of illegal aliens, every muslim terrorist group & basically everyone i could except the one country i was responsible for
because of trump walmart is selling american made appliances again
mississippi wind chime
meanwhile at the isis strip club
if you think the other puns where bad just wait till you sea mine
why do white people smell like bologna?
blind people will be so happy when they see these new emojis
fuck the jews the only religious extremists you can't make fun of because they print all the money slaves worship
the feeling of dry skin be like
mamma! this goat scares me
oh my god i don't give a fuck
my father and mother like me to be a boxer
49 years in public office name an accomplishment
the only kkk to ever let black men in
shoot them
male: *becomes successful* ugly white bitch claiming she got raped 20 years ago:
when each letter is a mental disorder
what women do vs what people think they do
if you make a left you'll see where you had me fucked up at
7 generations of check engine lights
you dirty fucking nigger
when your dishwasher is ready for another load
making a white trash album, if you could send me some pictures, that'd be great
always a nice feeling to wear nicely washed pants
he is proving you don't have to be poor to be trash
auschwitz gas chamber
when was the last time you saw so many mentally ill people on the streat
oh herro preeze welcome to shitty wok, can i take your order preeze!
*laughs in goat-fucker*
real men don't use violence the fuck is she talking about?
enough deaths stop gun violence
interviewer: can you demonstrate your problem solving abilities ? me:
a mothers love is like no other
life has never given me lemons it has given me anger issues, anxiety, a love for alcohol, a serious dislike for stupid people. but not lemons
my goal for 2019 is to accomplish the goals of 2018 which i should have done in 2017 because i promised them in 2015 and planned them in 2014
an old man picked me up, i told him, "kiss me and i'll turn into a princess." he stuck me in his pocket, and i said, "aren't you going to kiss me?"he said, "i'm 85 years old, i'd rather have a talking frog."
the old ice cream on the face gag
immigrants illegal aliens
when your dishwasher is done for good
martin luther king jr rallying the community (1963)
share the meme instead of tagging your friends you fucking niggers
what in the f*ck is almond milk? it's milk! show me the tit on an almond
"car salesman roof of car"
only 30's kids will remember this
this is the greatest news manufacturing in 20th century
let's reduce drunk driving by taking cars away from sober drivers makes as much sense as gun control
the look after being told something idiotic be like
my wife asked me where i'd like to be buried apparently, "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she was expecting
what if marty feldman had a daughter? he did
how we see muslims how muslims see us
picture portaying slaves arriving on ships
remember folks please help control the violent, whitetrash, idiot population; have your trump supporters spayed or neutered
black people anything that doesn't belong to them
violence against men: you go girl violence against women: stop the cycle of violence
liberal guide to attacking a critic of islam 1. call them a racist 2. tell them their points aren't legitimate because they haven't been personally attacked
usa 2030 why didn't grand dad stop them mom?
a typical white man
it's a beautiful day i thinki'll skip my meds and stir shit up a bit
"took my wife to subway today , i asked the girl to make me a sandwich she said no problem i turned to my wife and said "now how mutherfuckin hard was that?..
when you got somewhere to be but the sheep are blocking the road again
i am a gamer not because i don't have a life but because i hate women and minorities
1st place ugliest tranny
happy no russian collusion day!!! time for retribution!
dishwasher is broken? slap her a few times
i'm so patriotic, i piss red, white, and blue my doctor said it may be pancreatic cancer i told him to shut his commie mouth
the only time you can hang out with your best friend is when you go fishing
i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america
marokko speed dating
we said we would never forget and we haven't
this just in... sources are saying that you can go fuck yourself.. coming up: why you can eat shit and die..._
apparently the british public can't put their finger on the problem
scientists announced that dolphins are second to man in intelligence that pushes women to 3rd place
look at the bright side you are only half black now
good asian '' ''
islam is a religion of peace behead those who mock islam
i hit a deer last night with my truck
woman arrested by traffic cop
i bought this brand new
this is a stonger man than any one can hope to be
i seriously need a good fucking from something other than life
tell us again how bad obama and hillary are while that which-hunt lands everyone in jail
mixed vegetables
imagine a group of people filled with so much love they have to make laws so they can live at peace
sends 6 million to heaven knows jews are god's chosen people
me respect women no, i don't believe bush did 9-11 it's just a meme
if you think you are hungry, you might just be thirsty have a beer first and then see how you feel, after!
made rice krispies way before kellogs
subway is similar to prostitution you pay someone else to do your wife's job
him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: what's it doing him: chopping fucking vegetables
my grandpas tractor never broke down
in other contries in porkistan
alabama: bans abortions all of alabama in 5 years
if black lives matter so much why dont their fathers want to be a part of it
i hate people who drive trucks like these we get it. you rape
privilege has a color, white is not it
what if i told you there is absolutely no proof that jesus ever existed. his existence is merely presumed based on anecdotal evidence
this is what ignorant people think when they see a muslim
we should respect blacks
ready for prom
teacher: " ok class, bring out your calculators" mohammed:
india vs bangladesh how bangladeshi's see how indian's see
squatted trucks for when sucking dick while getting buttfucked just isn't gay enough
when someone makes eye contact with you while you're doing cardio look away!
don't forget me!!!!!! i'm an asshole too!!!
when someone drops a penny
celebrating the ebt card..oh snap
when one of your neighbor's goats strays away from the herd now this looks like a job for me
islam is a religion of peace lets celebrate by killing infidels and beating women
there's so much white trash in this picture i barely know where to start!
senator for 36 years vice president for 8 blames trump for america's s problems
very tired after group sex mohammed is
it would be surprising to find a muslim in a gay bar due to their beliefs
it's national hebrew day! let's make some challah!
when you ask the jewish girl for her number and she starts rolling up her sleeve
when you're usually a happy afghan but your girl broke up with you so now you're asad afghan taliban spokesman
gays on their way home after pride weekend
throwback thursday we was all by ourselves at one time we was the only once's in the new phase to build and close
when you catch your bestfriend with another man ya done fucked up
kids in africa wouldn't starve if they ate the flies on their face
him: you seen my cat lately jill?
if being a racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks & goatshit ruled by a barbaric cult then i'm a racist
no i'm not going to kill the gays, make slavery legal, and take away women's rights i'm not a muslim
you guys read my diary? wtf?
england where moslems can rape your children and reporting it is a crime
if you see me in public looking a hot mess, just know; my bills are paid, my children have food, & i ain't trying to impress you
#neverforget what your ancestors went through #christianity if you even think about dating a white man you disgust me
this one time at camp we got so baked
trust me the muslims won't rape you now
yall got any more a them cracka ass crackas?
and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
the old lady shows arthur what she used to do during the war
warning! please handle large fireworks with care!
hitler and mussolini sharing a laugh
a islamic leader among his followers
never forget i was killed in front of my children and my pregnant wife
when the safe word is "flower" but she kept saying "flour"
pedal faster patrick, the owners are coming
child hospitalized
it doesn't matter how good your grades are or if you have a high iq if you lack logic, reason and common sense you're fucking stupid
mississippi wind chime
yes ma'am..! that's a cunt
not sure what's in the fridge, but this dishwasher is about to get a big load
how do you start a rave in ethiopia tape a peice of toast to the ceiling
i love to butt fuck goats
jewish invention ''
manual trans automatic trans rebuilt trans
wait, mohammad come back!! i didn't mean to laugh, really size doesh't matter to me lol
when asked what did you click on, you said "nothing" the 12 toolbars in your browser determined that was a lie
when you've been released from fb jail knowing full well you haven't been rehabilitated and will reoffend
dad, dishwasher is loaded again '' ''
a muslim was here '' '' ''
why love one but eat the other ?
miami dolphins super bowl highlights
stevie wonder be like #selfie!
he was big and black my ass had no choice
is it a boy or a girl it's a bomb
the face that pro-lifers make when you talk about shooting immigrants
women in islamic countries are getting involved with politics
how you guys think you looks like but when pados wale pandit jee sees you
"wea yo top lip at doe" "missing like yo dad"
my girlfriend told me that i should treat her like a princess so i married her off to a stranger to strengthen the alliance with france
sorry i'm late. having tranny problems
where do they get their weapon?
take that monkey shit off! you embarassin' us
rev up those gas chambers
rare photo of two us soldiers held up in japanese war camp
meanwhile at the isis strip club
i'm coming for everything they say i couldn't have
anyone that says white people can't jump obviosly hasn't seen the 9/11 footage "white people can't jump"
if you think it's okay for iran to have nukes, but not okay for law abiding americans to have guns you might be a dumbass
can i have my razor back please?
joe jackson the first father to successfully beat the black off his child
found this old photo of our grand parents on their quad
myth: gingers don't have souls fact: gingers earn a freckle for every soul they steal
when you take a bottle of water to africa
"i hope the electoral college gets beat in the ncaa tournament "
immigrants illegal aliens the difference is obvious
went outside today yolo
all i want to do is move to your country, rape your women, bomb your buses, ripot in your streets and demand that you accept my religion why can't you be more tolerant?
nothing taste better than a well done steak with ketchup. change my mind
sorry, bill, but where you're going, they won't be frozen but they'll still be long and brown
though we adore men individually we agree that as a group they're rather stupid
we've been at peace with japan since 1945 time to make peace with isis
if i have a dollar and you have 20 dollars then i have 21 dollars
how we see muslims how muslims see us
has one night stand but way too many books to fit on it
how i see black people getting trolled on the internet
you're asking people for 5 cents a day? but you had money to fly here and make a commercial?
storm in they can't rape us all
why do muslims were towels on their heads so if they run out of toilet paper they have something to wipe their ass
me: *locks the door* every jew in the gas chamber:
north american pavement ape
what do you want to do? win!! when do you want to do it? now!
some people say religion is a labor of love
america in reality don't let the media divide us!
when the democrats investigate trump for over 2 years and the only thing they uncover is their own crimes
all races unite against islam!
dear diary today op was a faggot
when your mom is mopping the floor and tells you to pick up your feet
"so then i was going to tell a princess diana joke" "but that would have crashed and burned "
putting this on the fridge to look at every time go get a snack i don't need you could have easily lost tirty pounds tis munt
ah, quit your screaming i washed my paws in the toilet bowl after i used the litterbox
wait, mohammad come back!! didn't mean to laugh, really size doesn't matter to me
dulux color chart matt black gloss black
when you're having an airheaded year
joe biden fought side by side with racist robert bird to stop school desegregation! groper joe gave the eulogy at kkk leaders funeral..
when you're trying to impress your man
anyone who has been paying attention knows the biggest threat to an innocent persons life in america is the police like if you agree
did a lot of medical research didn't hurt any animals
immigrants wave our flag invaders wave their own
when you punch the muslim kid so hard that he starts having seizures and fucking dies the bomb has been defused
no matter who wins, i think this election will seriously boost alcohol sales
all these flavors and you choose to be salty
why did paul walker cross the street? he wasn't wearing a seatbelt that is wrong correct. he actually burnt up in the car
lol don't bother buckling up because we are all going to die
when you hear noises at night and its just goats
trouble with a bully? load up on pcp and show that fucker who's boss!
he told me he was a democrat i asked if i could borrow a tampon
good asian '' ''
valentine in islamic countries
when it's your 1st cake day and you really wanna blow that candle
north american pavement ape
ask me a dumb question again
pokes holes in friends' condoms mom gets pregnant
auditioned for jazz band not enough soul
when halloween has been a month ago, but your son continues to dress as a woman
when ur too young to know the concept of racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet
when i see people who post "punch a nazi" in person im a nazi, i hate niggers, gregg are you gonna punch me???
the banality of evil
when you finally trim months of growth your pubes after 6 oh there you are peter!
america is for americans period! i agree. why don't you go back to europe
after i'm done huntin' illegal aliens... i'm gonna get one of those technology jobs they took away from me
when mum tells you to rinse the vegetables
thank you for allowing me into your country now we need to talk about the things that need to change around here to accommodate my beliefs
beating things to make them work again
when you do a fat rail but you still feel down
that's right goat fucker i'll triple tap your muslim ass
i'm at the camp and i still can't concentrate
i vote republican... ...because i may not have much, but republicans will make sure others have even less
when an indian goes for walk with his dog
who can deny the cash chambers
i don't care what these liberal pro lgbt government officals say if i see a man follow any of the females in my family into the bathroom he'll crawl out looking like this
the obama's with empire star jussie smollett
solution to mexicans paying for the wall leave all the illegals hanging around the border
the only person i trust is me and even that's pretty fucking iffy sometimes
how to break up a blacklivesmatter protest! are you my dad
happy birthday let's snort some cake!
imagine if you will a group of people so disgusting.. ...they have to make laws making it illegal to hate them
sea monkeys
i'm a liberal and i support trump!
what do you mean happy columbus day?
oh you talk so tough from behind your keyboard tell me again what a badass you are
the most confusing moments
100% of illegal aliens are criminals
old ugly mexican granny wanna be light skinned bitch black bags under eyes the makeup doesn't even cover it up fucken old hag
shame on these gays! and shame on muslims marrying children. said the christian molesting little boys
when i grow up.. lol nevermind
how dare you criticize me, a woman of color
fuck outta here go on, git!
fleshlight
when you finally headshot 150 black people
arabs: how they think they look how they actually look
felling cute. might fuck a goat later idk
we got my blind cousin a puppy for christmas
"fuck it" - my final thought before making most decisions
all men are dogs.. so which breed is your dad?
people still don't get it zionist jews for israel are racist monsters
our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims
communication is important in a relationship
you're telling me i can't pick my bedtime but i can pick my gender?
it says right here we can bang goats
you sent out so much smoke red indians came to make peace
when your friend plays rap music on the way to a kkk meeting dude, you're embarassing me in front of the wizards
and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother! and i even got a job in congress! these americans are so stupid!!!
>2000: "relax, bigot. it's not like gays are going to come into your kid's classroom and tell them to be gay." >2017.
when there's nothing left to drink and your mom says we have a faucet
i have an idea... don't listen to any of mine
breaking news the people don't believe our bullshit anymore
some people are like old tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the fucking picture
we '' protects pedophiles from being prosecuted
blind people will be so happy when they see these new emojis
a lynching in indiana in the early 30s
i's ed moore. and i's loves crackas
breaking news the people don't believe our bullshit anymore
white people already paid reparations
i've been told by a vegan that i should grow my food, not hunt it. does anyone know how to grow bacon?
how a woman tells society she is single
you need yo ass beat
"harder, harder" "that's a good boy"
i slipped and fell on black ice i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my wallet was gone
who's down for a 3.5 way
truth be told the real reason for racism
i got some muhammed for you right here howyou like me now?
nein shawty its ya bday anne frankly i hope you celebrate it with bae
ocean brought to shore this shoe from a refugee
a smile is worth a thousand words
when the bitch ass jews won't eradicate themselves so you help them along the way
saw "cotton picker" thought it would be a field of black people
'' shoot them
why do i bother pressing one for english? i still get someone who can't speak it!!
in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. but here i am free to talk trash about the u.s. in hopes that it can soon change into a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
the pope flies to greece to tell christians to love muslims i'm just curious, why doesn't he fly to iraq
rise of the planet of the apes (1963)
death to all muslims
when you told her you was going to fuck her till she was stupid
what do you call double stacked ovens? jewish bunk beds
little boy from kenya
when you catch your goat with another man ya done fucked up
when you've accepted your sexual preferences and are happy with your life now
ford owners be like.. cash me ousside walkin' cause my ford's broke agin how bow dah?! lol~camo kid~
if this makes you a citizen does this make him family
how to get a black guy to see his baby
just trying to do my part
"me: want some ribs? chinese person: no me: want some ribs made from house pets? chinese person: "
woman from tribe making flour
i think if people want " to wipe out reminders of slavery segregation & white supremacy we might consider getting rid of the democratic party
62.5 tons of get the fuck outta my way
redneck word of the day: twerk imma have a few beers before i get back twerk
god- makes women humans- make dishwasher god- am i a joke to you?
when someone messages you when you're jerkin it who the hell is interrupting my kung fu?
what's that burning? oh it's my family
listen up sweetheart and let this sink in. i never owned any slaves and you never picked any cotton. here ends the lesson. i dont owe you shit
i believe this is the work of the zionist enemy they burned notre dame cathedral as message to the world
i like my refugees like this '' '' ''
i can't leave my light beer alone in the fridge witht he dark one anymore
when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
i need you to .. remove all muslims from any public office
when your white friends invite you to dinner and tell you to bring whatever you want
the hardest part about breaking up with her is when you don't want to lose her
i'm dreaming of a white christmas
go be gay somewhere else
this time. our president is not your muslim brother
laughter really is the best medicine
a little driving music makes my day
any white girl that look like this will rob you and help you look for whatever she stole
feeling pretty cute might blow something up later....idk yet
about 1-2% of the human population has red hair
nobody: gordon ramsay: do i need to revive hitler to teach you how to use a fucking oven?
and you get a chip implant ! and you get a chip implant!... everyone gets a chip implant!
were just here to blow you stupid british people for letting us in your country
when you've waited 40 years to be king, but your mother refuses to die
dear "dad". i did it without you. love, the daughter you left behind
men are pigs some just oink louder than others
sure timmy i'll hold your mayo
get back in that oven you racist white bitch
this is my diary
it's time to kill the british and dump tea into the ocean, and i'm all out of tea
i don't know what she's fixing but mine just broke
crisis hotline, how can i help? well...i'm feeling suicidal.. great! can you fly a plane?!
so you want me to yell maga and punch jussie smollet
i'm an evolved monkey on a cartoon ball, nasa told me, its science bruh!
i have a dream that one day my people will not act like animals
happy and stupid
white kids be like i can't watch this
what is girlfriend ....? addition of problems, subtraction of money multiplication of enemies ,division of friends
take that monkey shit off! you embarassin' us
sacred cross? let me call my friend who's an expert in holy relics
your milkshake brings all the tards to the yard
this is a snakes mouth it all makes fucking sense now
here's to you obama! let's have a drink!
so, you think by being our sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you? you are a special kind of stupid
mamma! i am hungry!!!!
look son a dirty fucking muslim
"women have the will of an adult but have the mind of a child."
when you dropped all the jewish kids off at the wrong camp
the look he gives you when you're the new sheik in town
daily activity log i got this
jihadi magazine's miss december
when he's muslim and asks you to role play
mom.. this horse smells funny!
wearing an all black outfit is the new grey
so i guess a handjob is out of the question
when an indian man marries he scratches the dot off his wife's forehead to see if he's won a gas station, a motel, or a subway resturant
just because she weighed as much as two people, that doesn't mean that you had a threesome
jamal lying andre lyons hakeem lyons
show me your bare naked ankles you dirty whore
which one has tranny problem? '' those tranny problems
proof you don't have to fly a plane into a building to destroy a nation!
the third person in your tag list owes you a nigger
at the isis strip club meanwhile
my new boyfriend has dandruff you should give him head and shoulders how do you give shoulders?
meanwhile at the isis strip club
the father of christianity pagan sun-worship constantine
if she wears this out in public she is on section 8 and she steals
meanwhile at the isis strip club
dude i'm joking grandma didn't use your pacifier as a butt plug
i won 1st place
behead atheists kill kill kill! saria law buslims in buslim countries let's have some respect religion of peace brother buslims where they are a minority
four good reasons to re-elect trump
they found oil in australia but they already have democracy
when it's 1942 and you're jewish dj khaled suffering from ss
hunger games he's winning
when your memes spread faster than stds at gay bars i've got the power
socialism. . ...people line up waiting for bread. capitalism.. ...bread is lined up waiting for people. see the difference
behind every screaming goat is a muslim with his pants down
i heard you need a new partner
when you're the only one who doesn't bring a bottled water to hiking
large big mac no ice
a muslim walks into a gay bar bartender: what will it be? muslim: free shots for everyone!
all that's wrong with america is white people!
when you kick a trans woman in the crotch you see, he's just a man
hide and go seek champion july 6 1942 - august 4 1944
racing for pink slips in africa
so i bent him over like this and i made sure he felt the lord inside him
"what part of "i didn't find shit" do you libtards not understand? "
fresh out of bradford bomb jovi
intense game of twister auschwitz 1942
black hebrew-israelite strong delusion warning (2thess, 2:10-12) yes this is a cult gal 1:8-9 rev 22: 18-19
what doesn't kill you gives you a sick sense of humor miss t
ribbed condoms don't even taste like ribs
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
hen your unvaccinated chi rvives 18 years but cides to kill himself you were the chosen one
there's a joke in here somewhere? a indian a socialist a smeller a mistress a homosexual and a terrorist lover walk into a bar.
when you start fingering yourself but your sister cums instead
oh look my new dishwasher arrived
we got my blind cousin a puppy for christmas
we pray for the destruction of israel and the american way of life
your sense of humor is so dark, police want to shoot it . just gonna leave this here - #iaoh
tuesday, january 17, 2017 your legacy had less than 72 hours left and most of it could be undone with a pen and phone in less than 20 minutes
i will find you and.. and what. my apologies, i have dialed the wrong number
"if i'm indicted, i'll take half of dc with me." actually, i'll be sending half of dc with you
let's play: word scramble n g e g i r
of course i support "men's rights" ...men's rights to shut the fuck up!
i like my women like i like my subs 6 and 12
"nevr forget" - you said... we didn't forget and we are fighting this together
pakistanis when indian pages posts any posts
calling white people racist is racism
when i interview for a job: do we get our resumes back or do you keep them? because i only have the one, and i have a chili recipe on the back that i really wanna keep
what your ancestors were doing july 4, 1776 what dummies do today for july 4th
chevy guys be like we just got done muddin' ford guys be like we just got done muddin
how slaves were mistreated
i got fired from a restaurant for sticking my fingers in the dishwasher i'm wondering why they didn't fire her too
i may be blind but at least i'm not black
we love your country its our best chance at success
i don't always jihad but when i do i kill the disabled
i told my gay friend that i can turn fruits in to vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
is someone using the oven? cuz i smell gas
that makes me moister than an oyster
how to make america great again
we'll kill you over some trivial shit then fucking mock your dying words
suspect is a male wearing clothing, kinda looks like a mountain panda but i don't want to assume
if democrats really cared about election interference then why are they so against voter id laws?
my girlfriend is a porn star she is going to be so pissed off when she finds out
newl y released pictures of life after the green new deal
when somebody "waves" at me in messenger the fuck you want?
what kind of punch can take out 20 kids and 6 adults ? a sandy hook
that makes me moister than an oyster
i'm going to be real honest with you you should have washed this motherfucker before coming here
smile it's your birthday!
when each letter is a mental disorder
black peopple started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." it has become a form of expression through fashion
started playing hide and seek with dad been looking for him for 25 years
"when she says "don't cum in me" but you know she'll make a great single mother
hitler at auschwitz be like: so we're just going to leave them for another minute or two until they get nice and smokey
damn michelle are you hungry?
interracial dating somting like that
today we are making vegetable soup
instead of being "born again" why not just grow up?
this is why no one likes black people
my hands look like this so she can look like this
when you're feeling horny asf but your habibi is on periods let's try a goat
breakyourownnews.com live breaking news coca cola 2 released 21:33 ustad anwar rilis released
its cool were divorced but we will always be cousins
when you ask the stoke patient to smile
got crap for brains??? make sure you wear your diaper
when she asks you to send a dick pic and your dick is in her mom's mouth
that look when you find out your husband isn't coming home from the mosque
my buddy was telling me he cries during sex. i was like, you fuckin bitch. then i realized he's in prison
when your grandma sees you for the first time in a whole week he's so fucking big. me#irl
mr. wilson you have to take your pill with water you can't crush it up and snort it off my tits
take your fuckin' muslim ass back to the sand box!
when you accidently hit the bees nest outside
photo shooting day in office
before he was a 'pow' he killed 120+ us crewmen unseal his records john mccain: american fraud uss forrestal fire july 29 1967 research it google & you tube
manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem...
when you realize you fought on the wrong side during wwii
this muslim guy is walking his goats
when i see my girlfriend at any time of the day doing anything at all you're breathtaking
only 1.4% of white people ever owned slaves so blaming the entire white race is racism at it's finest!
bruce jenner's cat
each color is a mental disease
i don' t always wag my tail, but when i do i try to hit everything i can with it
market day
after blowing on an n64 cartridge oh fuck put it back in!
the truth is out! you're the greatest queen of them all!
it's hard but it's worth it
when black dick just ain't cutting it anymore
men's shaving map transbender shaving map
when you're 15 and you're just now learning how to ride a bike
this offends me ban them do you agree?
the only time you can hang out with 2 dirty hookers and a tranny
a mother speaking to her deaf child using sign language
238,000 veterans have died waiting for healthcare u.s. increases aid to israel to $4.5 billion/yr
if you're easily offended and looking for a "safe place" my page ain't it. move along snowflake
mueller found no collusion dad we're democrats...we'll find another lie and i've told you please call me mom
stop illegal immigration call ice at 1-866-347-2423
how much did the holla cost?
cereal in the bowl first or milk in the bowl first it really be like that
as fbi director, i don't always overlook criminal activity but when i do.. it's because i found my suicide note while going through hillary's emails
not my president not my residents
first gay pride parade! can't wait! making history
im long and strong and down to get my groove thing on
feeling cute might fuck a tranny later, idk
when you see your goat with another man
even michelle obama has her bad days
beep! beep! i'm a milk truck go home, bessie. you're drunk
just got angry all over again thinking about how zola made unathi umsunu nationally. saying unoxolo is just a friend kodwa akana address akana bellas then how the fuck is she your friend the lies! the lies!
incest never goes wrong
mississippi wind chime
let me be clear....  if i had a son, he would look like harambe
when you eat that ass and find out you're allergic to peanuts
white men are evil... i married one to make sure
this salad is so fresh it had to live with its aunty and uncle in bel air
not all black people are criminals
love doesn't have a color
what do you do when your dishwasher stops working? slap her on the ass and tell her to get to work
i said glass of juice not gas the jews
pelosi slams trump after he gets mexico to cave, says "threats & temper tantrums are no way to negotiate foreign policy..." why is she so mad that trump got mexico to finally help us stop illegal immigration?
what are they fighting over? is it: a) the last pan ducle b) he accidentally touch the homies hand passing a beer? c) foo used the last of the three flowers. d) homie said "i got you on gas" but he only has $3!
farmville 1943 deluxe
that's a man baby!
when you strive to be a real life picasso painting
me: puts bag of popcorn into the microwave every one else at the senior center:
illegal immigrants bring drugs, crime, and rapists yeah. we know
the shot you never hear
mlk giving an inspirational speech
give a man an opportunity and he'll run with it
go to the winchester, have a pint and wait for this all to blow over
nothing brings more happiness to a shepard than his sheep
black women are socially consructed to do this with black men but act like submissive and feminine when they're with whit men
pakistanis when indian pages posts any posts
we '' protect pedophiles from being prosecuted
muslim strip club
adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
when she finally has your own month
what we are doing to lgbtq is not right we should give them love
only black character in the game passive abiity: runs faster under fire
the war on drugs is ridiculous  that's just more money we could be using to bomb the fuck out of those muslims!
if you hear people from my past speak of me keep in mind they are speaking of a person they don't even know anymore
stupid people, she was elected to help not to demise
jewish men supporting a politician on views that are important to them
rashida tlaib in traditional 'palestinian garb'
muslim men :thinking about jannah
your purchase of $19.99 comes to $21.36 after theft
when you're barbecuing and the charcol runs away
loading the dishwasher in the back solid move
when you find out your neighbors stole your goats
my black boy friend
spacky chan
you see this pig? it's called muhammad
my wife's sister tried to kill me yesterday... what kind of sick bitch puts chloroform on her dirty panties?
i need all stolen, funny & offensive memes posted right here.. expeditiously!!!
slaves in the south were uneducated false. they all had their masters
hello dispatch, white folks are celebrating killing other white folks for land that ain't theirs
when the whole squad shows up to the pilgrimage
wanna go masturbate? fuck yeah! masturbating!
if you're a gentleman then nothing may disturb you but if you're a hungry sex maniac then there's no dress which can provide security for any women
from 16 indictments to nothing! thanks 'white privilege!'
"nobody is trying to take your guns!" "we only want to make you register them, restrict transfers, ban certain guns, limit magazine capacity, prohibit carrying them, ban or limit ammo, make other arbitrary laws, and, if we catch you violating any of these made-up rules, throw you in prison.... at which point we will take your guns!"
when someone asks to be my friend
game of throne team are thinking about building a documentary about hitler
you're dating somebody's ex. somebody is dating you're ex your ex is getting somebody's ex. in this life, we are all x-men
here to collect my reparations check
my shirt is so tight it barely fits
dumb and happy
nasa employees after stealing the moon be like "boys will be boys"
time to kill all muslims
i pray to our lord and saviour to bless this melon
you mad? yeah, you're mad
current mood i'll beat a motherfucker.... with another motherfucker!!!
also, my best friend emma says: fuck off forever and ever
don't worry we put an exclusion for white males in our anti-hatred resolution
look at what i just built with all the sand that fell out of your vagina
this goat is so raw muslims are trying to fuck it!!
when your debit card decline at the abortion clinic and they have to put the baby back in
how to tell if it's your turn to do laundry 1. look down your pants. 2. do you have a penis? 3. then it's not your turn
which one will be a single mom? the one on the right
old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
"you bro ask the c.o. why he ain't pop my door"
like if you see the issue. don't give it away can you see it?
when a stranger suddenly helps you
when the muslim kids in your class start hanging out with you
basic white girl in her natural habitat this is what i imagine heaven looks like womenwholovewine wineaisle target whitegirlwasted
ah the young they grow up so quickly
seriously mate.. what's the fuckin point?
diversity is our greatest strength
i did the math we cant afford the cat
my birthday is close, i am excited
tap and say amen! if jesus has blessed you today
faceswap ching chong 100
love old trucks think everyone should have one
you don't have to be lonely at trump haters.com
when you step on a lego on your front porch
i'm getting too old for fighting and arguing if we have a problem, i'll tell you whats up either we fix it and move on or stop fucking with each other and move on fuck all thatextra shit
a group of baboons is called a congress it's all clear to me now
best polish removers
what part of "i didn't find shit" liberals do you not understand?
when you forget you're retarded
25% of the women in this country are on medication for mental illness it means 75% are running around untreated!
hmm what a nice day to marry my own daughter and behead kafirs
you can't run through a camp ground you can only ran, because it's past tents
will you tell the cat bullying is not okay?
how can this be allowed a free home and benefits? when this man was allowed to die on the streets after serving this country
friendship is for everyone
baaaa-utiful
mexicans hugging and kissing walls and fences, to show their love for border controls
actually no, my post wasn't about you but if the shoe fits, feel free to lace that bitch up & wear it
when your fridge is full but you don't know what to eat
it's a simple grammar question leeroy! "what cames at the end of a sentence?" parole ?
i dont always make sandwiches because im not a woman
it's not rape it's a cuddle with a struggle
turn up for what
i got arrested for punching this guy at a new years party. when you hear an arab counting down from ten your instincts kick in
when they ask for fire extinguisher and you reply i don't smoke
white trash not marriage material
muslims: screaming about their religion being attacked christians and jews: -first time?
ben was born without eyelids so they circumcised him and used the skin the operation was a success, he's just a little cockeyed!
thirsty much ?
oh god i did it again
the cowboys are the best! i mean the best!
my girlfriend went to my family and accused me of beastiality i had no idea goats could even talk
if black people aren't lazy then why doesn't kfc have a breakfast menu
hi, i'm nate i'm a lesbian in recovery
banned guns in 1935 then killed 65 million unarmed people
when your goat tells you oh no! she ain't on the pill
those primaries got rigged for hillary and then, for no particular reason at all a journalist got himself charged a dnc staffer got himself shot and them democrats started blaming russia... and just like that everyone forgot about the dnc rigging them primaries
give me the bread or i'll kick you pregnant transgender
trump can't swing it
all you motherfuckers love a petty offensive page until that same petty page offends your mother fucking ass
you're telling me i can't bring peanut butter to school but you can bring measles??
asian drivers test went as expected
you thought hillary was in the clear? oh cupcake, have i got a surprise for you!
during sex i suddenly stopped and didnt move she: "what are you doing?" me: "hush bitch, i seen this on pornhub, its called buffering
breaking news: listening to queen can cause autism because of the high mercury content
a boner is like a thumbs up from your balls to whatever you're thinking about
middle eastern prostitute
your disability is not an obstacle
how come every week black police don't kill unarmed white males?
baboons and monkeys everywhere this is really a zoo
you'd be angry too if you just found out your goat was cheating on you
wave hello make someone smile
it's called a joke we used to tell them before people became offended by everything.
according to women,there are 3 men in this pic
how much did that haircut cost
fucking a 5 year old fucking five 1 year olds fucking a dead 1 year old for 5 years
you'll see both of the pics similar close your eyes 50
"if that fuckin bastard wins, we're all going to hang from nooses! you better fix this shit!" -hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17, 2016
nobody at school wants to guard muhammad, he's too explosive
show me an american ghetto and i'll show you a place where democrats are in power
muslims are varied as anybody else but islam is a destructive ideology
"you are allowed to drive?" no, i took a magic carpet ride here
beergasm that moment when you take your first sip of beer after a long day
dating, let alone marrying a g*rl who is not a virgin literally makes you a cuck, change my mind
ohhh i see.. so you found a bitch that does it without the peanut butter
everytime a moslem stands up in congress and tells us they will change the constitution, impeach our president, or vote for socialism, remember you said you would never forget they said they would destroy us from within
solution to mexicans paying for the wall leave all the illegals hanging around the border
how black people became christians
european rats in the 15th century i'm about to end man
if these females don't stop liking our content i'll kill them
don't stare to long you might laugh
really? eating pork is gross but marriage to a minor isn't?
armed patrols on the streets
i know you shouldn't laugh at 9/11 jokes but their just, plane hilarious
not going anywhere a while? for sniggers
cameraman: i don't understan- psychic kid: trust me this will be really funny someday
having a bad day? you could be a siamese twin attached to gay brother who has a date and your the only one with an ass
fuck, my mom is gonna kill me fuck, my mom is gonna kill me
house of pedophile
teacher: who can tell me what are the best flammable materials? jewish kid: me me me teacher: ok, what else
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
send me location
now that the russia collusion myth is over are you ready for the counter punch?
"damn, that ass!" even the horse is like
72 dead in syrian chemical attack ha... rookie numbers
-inahales deeply- there are some good memes to harvest today
leo varadkar stars in.... 'tranny without a fanny' coming soon in dail anal
its national hebrew day   go pick up a hot girl
yo dawg i heard you liked chinese food so we killed your cat
how you gotta treat girls with smart mouths
klu klux kar insurance we know it was dark and you just didn't see him
when you're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you're black
to see better, aisians sometime switch to fullscreen veiw
if you see this you might be in the country
have a coke and a smile. regen: always coca cola coke adds life. ma: nevermore coca cola
a sheik business man wearing his tradition thawb
next time you complain about being hungry just remember it could be worse
which one should we butcher first
ilhan omar sporting her beautiful purple hijab
im really sorry that your not feeling well today but im still gonna need a sandwich
do you have any idea how black you were going
everyone knows hitting appliances that stop working, sometimes fixes the problem
all starting from 1995
no i'm on my period no i have diarrea
today in the news more 'peaceful terrorists" blowing up shit
people who speed why should i slow down?
"ammosexual" 'cause big guns compensate for small ones
some people aren't your friends they're just scared to be your enemies
honey badger don't care
when your wife is secretly a dinosaur, and you don't find out before she givs birth to four crossbreed raptors
one does not simply become vladimir poot
run over by bacon truck on way to suicide mission ''
cracking open a sold one with the boys
men be like im finally ready to settle down
removes polish with chemicals no one bats an eye... starts world war ii commits crimes against the polish
black men! think! killing each other is like killing soldiers in your own army
bitch please i'm native american
yes sir..! that's a cock
what stopped a suicidal boy from jumping? the rope
goats can't talk why are so few muslim rapes reported?
running is one of the best ways to stay fit
"if you kill your enemies, they win." justin trudeau share if this is the dumbest comment ever by anyone
bert and ernie dress up as goats in an attempt to catfish arab men
when your fifth wife eats grass from another guys hand
healthcare is a right and the government should pay for it guns are a right, should the government pay pay for them too?
i may be blind but at least i'm not black
when you got an itch on your back that you can't reach but your white friend got you
the terrible actions this all began with of one man doing a terrible job for mankind
or we'll kill you stop making fun of our peaceful religion
holocaust makes me sad!
when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
it's called fuck off and it's located over there
when your boy starts suckin her cock anyways when you accidently pick up a tranny hooker
knowing white people he's probably the father
islam is the religion of peace peace over here peace over there
when a white kid shoots up the school the same day you planned to bomb it
what's the difference between boy scouts and jews? boy scouts come back from their camps
he can be his new boy firend
like if you agree defending the border is not a political option. it is a constitutional obligation
a fire cracker
bull shit, the evolved form of nonsense
if i get compared to michelle obama one more time, i'm gonna lose it!!!
they fear us waking up from the bull shit, and taking back what was stolen from us
gays hanging out in the muslim world
so cohen has a history of intentional dishonesty from lying to congress, lying to the irs, lying about his wife's 's birth. lying to banks and he even took millions as an insider consultant without informing trump but dems trust his testimony to be truthful. lol!
they want this not beause they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
things white people do mass shootings smoke meth fuck their family members suck at sports steal from blacks fuck animals lie about being racist
i bit a muslim i had to lick my ass for an hour to get rid of the taste
fifty shades of goat an isis love story
i'm looking for the democrat restroom
"palestines are not human beings, they don't deserve to live and they are nothing but animals."
i'm not a racist
that look when your father sells you for a goat
rohingya women protest on the rohingya crisis anniversary
i was going to make an anal sex joke butt fuck it
'' wing wing wing ''
yes man, you were right... i could have killed all the jews, but i left some of them to let you know why i was killing them
when all the porn sites are down so you search for a holocaust documentary improvise. adapt. overcome
it's not a hijab  it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
now i'm gonna use two fingers
vote for the candidate who wants to kiss babies not kill them
now at home depot check out the new kenyan fly strip
women can wear what they want you dont have the right to ban the burka its basic democracy
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
its not right to judge someone by the color of their skin. they might just be tan
hey bro close your eyes bro yes bro? ok bro o yeah abdul go deeper
look son an idiot
last summer it was very hot
moslems kill hundreds of innocents on a weekly basis and no one bats an eye one aussie goes sick and everyone loses their fucking minds
these wind chimes dont make a sound i guess i should have known the black ones wouldn't work
stupid i am here i love you darling
post this on your timeline just to piss off your trump supporter friends
and that was the last time we let jr feed himself
now back to the married islamic classic.. to children
it's gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes
i'm a firm believer in the seperation of islam and the planet
when leadership says it's not mandatory but it's "highly encouraged"!!!
when you're given an n-word pass but you can't help but still be super white howdy-ho negroes
i just sharted ... my protein shake
when you messed up your shave again
why do black people smell bad? so blind people can hate them too
germany builds the first jet but couldn't make a steel door for a gas chamber expose the lie
democrats this is what they look like
when the black kid is roasting the white kid and he has a gun in his backpack you think i would lose to a monkey
hello! may i please speak with jesus? cause these folks gonna make me break at least 4 of the ten commandments
dementia or just another lying democrat it's hard to tell one from the other
and in this corner, weighing in at 140 lbs
white people after 10 shots black people after 10 shots
when you do a fat rail but you still feel down
bills comin for ya on friday like
"islam is love!" ariana grande yeah. if you're a goat "
obama voters
i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she got a fine for littering
did somebody say hump day
same
help the starving children of the world!
truth be told the real reason for racism
tell me about american history? fuck i know about american history? i thought we wiped all those people out? i'm a european born in america
life is hard, it's harder when you're stupid
do gay midgets come out of the cabinet?
when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
the military finally sent this man back to his family
i'm not saying that i hate donald trump but i'd unplug his life support to charge my cellphone
on a scalefrom 1 to 10 how much do you like kissing
cheering on your team in the world cup
feminist literature? you mean cookbooks?
when karen helps u camouflage the crackhouse
when the mexican lady at taco bell messes up your order
cheers to all my haters! be patient. so much more is coming
the new democratic flag
romanians when they see a slightly open purse/pocket/window
what did you say? i didn't quite catch that
lol she thinks she's a goat
mark zuckerberg's wife, priscilla chan is a man
how you guys think they look like but when pados wale pandit sees you
your rights end where my feelings begin
when the beat drops in the synagogue
not only is donald trump my president..... but he's also barack obama and hillary clinton's president! don't you love it! :d
do you think when fish get thrown back by fishermen, they swim around yelling about alien abductions and the other fish stop talking to them?
put'n the "ham" in mohamed
when you and your homie load each other's dishwashers
instructor: ...and this is how you take off me: ok cool, but how do i land? instructor: good question
listen up cupcake we are losing our country to goat humpers!
instructions on how to come for me 1. dont
mlk giving a powerful speech
motor neurone awards 2018 winner- best t-rex impression
i don't know how people wear these everyday feels like this to me
the smile you make democrat privilege: i got away with it when the race card buys your freedom
how do you kill 100 flies? smack an african kid in the face
this thread needs more bacon
the best game of all time farming simulator 1848
a girl asks her mom, "why am i black and you're white?" she says, "the way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark. "
when you pour a bowl of coco puffs and realize you're outta milk
openly states that america and americans are both "immoral" boinked her own brother
the "i'm not black but my kids will be" face
holy fuck 50 muslims on one credit
the ku klux klan killed 3446 blacks in a span of 86 years since 2016 blacks killed 1891 other blacks in chicago alone
hi, i'm nate i'm a lesbian in recovery
excitement across the capital
when you go see your family because of the barbecue
"if a dishwasher wore pants, would it wear them like this or like this"
just because you have a beard, it doesn't mean you're a man. last time i checked vaginas can grow hair too
real
white people in chicago at 2am
you're a special kinda nuts aren't you?
this is how a snake's mouth looks from the inside, i think everything is clear now
exercise ? thought you said extra fries
i think it's funny to haggle over price with hookers when you're just going to kill them anyway
hey lets go see if that kid wants to run around with us great idea
what's better than winning a gold medal in this contest walking
hey look at me! i'm a serial pedofile
if you think tide pods are good try the cotton candy in the attic
picked up 2 new pillows and dishwasher at the flee market winner winner chicken dinner
there is no hindu terrorism in india. what if i say it isn't true? will shoot you dead
release your tax returns i emailed it to you
meanwhile at the isis strip club
when a dog' s been bad when a cat's been bad
i like my coffee like i like my slaves extra dark
when the lot lizard says she'll do anything for 10$
if you think ms-13 gang members are human, but 20-week old fetuses aren't you might be a democrat
black people anything that doesn't belong to them
nothings impossible
i'm going to choke her with nuts bitches love choking on nuts
the look you have on monday morning
this shit is why i bake people
when the villagers ask why all the 9 year old girls are walking funny
superman's flying class was popular, but no one ever passed
the secret to a good marriage is having sex at least 3 times a week. and at least once with your wife
this one time at camp someone had too much gas
found a picture of your mother's womb
dad?!? the dishwasher and the sandwichmaker are on the fritz again
this one's called dirty deeds done with sheep
arrest white babies before they become land stealing, inbreeding, child molesting, dog raping, serial killing, racist white supremacist terrorist thugs
want to party? yeah i'm down
14 million kids living in poverty in america but democrats fight for illegals
woof woof it rooks dericious
muslim in congress 2019 muslims in 2001
i love black people, think everyone should have one
rice krispies are the bomb
how my friends play strategy games how i play strategy games do really look like a guy with plan
it's super rare to find a kitchen that has four ovens and three dishwashers
some pussy gave me flowers weird, i just wanna get railed by a scummy biker
15 years in prison??? that means my next girlfriend hasn't even been born yet!
islam is the religion of peace piece of you over here, piece of you over there
april 15th is coming... bitches better have my money... memegenerator.ne bitches better have my money.
the most racist people are the ones crying"racist" all the time!
 my life goal? make somebody this fucking triggered
what's burning? '' '' ''
time to get rotissified
greetings white person time to die
musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress she's 's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma" to "give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
muller report, russia, democrats
i will not let america turn into another nation of islam !!!!!!
i'm so patriotic, i piss red, white, and blue. my doctor said it may be pancreatic cancer. i told him to shut his commie mouth
why can't the jews just let us slaughter them? nakba!
muslim "logic": pork is unclean. but... drink camel urine, since it is "medicine" according to mohammed., "who was perfect"
life has its ups and i have downs
i ain't got time for this. i'm too grown
she's to young when you have to make the airplane noise to get your cock in her mouth
53% of white women voted for trump 53% of white women should look like this
when you're the only dog left at the dog shelter and the black family wants to adopt you
starving mexican monkey eating peanuts
i told my gay friend i can turn fruits in to vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
you are not wanted! you are a mental deficient!
when you think its friday and its only tuesday
what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase.. a branch manager
welcome, we are a muslim brotherhood
49 people were killed at christchurch muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
50 jews walk into a train, what do you call them? fuel
when the squad is about to get lit.
if two gay black men get married and adopt a baby which father is supposed to abandon the family
muhammed... get the roof
after sex selfies usa croatia germany
this is what we will evolve into if we don't start watching what we eat
brace yourselves 420 is coming
since u like reportin pix report deez nutz
when you're peeking on that 10\10 chick and about to nut but the school shooter pats you on the back and politely tells you to leave his corpses alone
everyday i understand the phrase "i'm getting too old for this shit" on an even deeper level
you snooze... you lose!
a new target for entry level police academy
how to get a black guy to see his baby
i could have tranquilized that gorilla and i could have grabbed that kid what kid?
indian fans in real life indian fans on facebook
playboy offered her a million dollars to pose nude nat geo offered her the same
liberals: "japan has gun control without issues, what makes you think it can't work here in the usa?" me: (whispering) black people
to all you liberal "women" in favor of islam this young lady is being sold into sexual slavery as child bride
government? should austrailia start helping out the black communist murdered and killed by who are being brutally white south africans
last one there is a rotten fish
i put the ape in rape
digging up something to do is hard guess necrophilia isn't for everyone
if they were really fighting for our freedom this is what it would look like
great minds think alike
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it. i can't
first off i am hebrew! not a damn muslim get it right
people and dogs ... friendships that last
shitters clogged
greetings tranny time to die
me. saving refugees "nice try"
converted to muslim ? why would you think that
how do you kill 1000 flies with one hit? punch a somali in the face
when someone calls you by your gaming name in public
you don't always have to be so manly
when you remember you have leftovers in the fride when you realize someone ate it before you got home
hockey would be fun they said
when you have 3 choco puffs left in your cereal bowl
when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch disconnect from your soul
girl during sex: make me your slave me: muslim
average iq #france has fallen by 4 points per decade due to "biological causes"
i see dickheads everywhere they don't even know they're dickheads
maybe if we overpaid teachers and underpaid rappers, there'd be smarter kids and less shitty music! yeayah
if your man dresses like this there no doubt he's gay
what's big, yellow and can't swim? a bus full of children
on my way to daycare got me like
i will never be assassinated because all the crazy white trash people with guns are my biggest fans!
when you can be confident and love yourself no matter your skin condition
will you hurry up and u chocolatey little fucking starvi
mussie guy tried to rape me he didn't make it to court
if you think the crakkka of today is different from the crakka 500 years ago, you're a damn fool
white people is this a shooting range
shout out to my nsa agent giving my memes 1 view even before i submit them
the school shootings will continue until we take your gun rights away
a boy and his pet goat
my sense of humor is so dark it picks this
who is michael lavaughn robinson? michelle obama? the tranny revealed
trump is engaged in a cover-up hes guilty of obstructing our attempt to frame him
hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's mein number so call me maybe
what in the cousin humpin, skoal spittin, busch light drinkin, winston smokin, restraining order havin, mullet rockin, trailer park treasure is this!?
bert looks down in horror, as he hears cookie monster and ernie start to masturbate to the autism documentary they are watching
i like my coffe like i like my slaves extra dark
discriminate and say no to promotion of homosexual and lgbt ways of life to our children
the name's todd... retodd
when you're at your batchelor party and you realize that all the money in the stripper's g-string has your grandma's picture on it
seriously mate... what's the fuckin point?
i don't wanna get married! bitch, please! i've got to go blow myself up tomorrow! islam - none of it makes sense
weeeeeee! back over the border you go!
guess whose house wasn't raided by the fbi?
how to make a colorado fruit smoothie
help the poor children in africa
pet niguana for sale!! come with food dish, a few toys, and a screen lid so it can't get out $300 obo
it's not because you're muslim anti-semitic anti-america
time for liberals.. ...to start crying again
god loves you all
israel is not at war they don't fight soldiers they kill innocent men women and children from a distance
someone stole my identity.. look, someone stole my identity maybe they will make something out of my life
extra thicc
man caught having sex with a feminist at the beach
when you and ya classmate are hiding from the school shooter, but you wanna die so you sneeze to get his attention hehehehehe my bad guys
i know thats really roger from american dad but imma chill
maybe if you worked a bit we wouldn't have inequality
when my autistic son finds out we're having chicken for dinner
...and there goes another hater
if this offends you might be lack you toes intolerant
gun safety is especially important when teaching a shooting class
have you ever studied the history of the jews? did you know that they have always banded together as a tribe, infiltrated governments, monopolized the financial systems of nations instigated wars and intentionally created chaos in societies? the jews have mass murdered millions of non- jews over the centuries theyve seized control of the media so you'll never find out study the history of the jews!
the look your dad gives your when you dont make curfew
banned for life from twitter for criticizing a movie. used twitter to promote a hoax hate crime, risking an entire race war. still on twitter
muslim porn star
educate our kids about domestic violence
weeeeeee! back over the border you go!
kids today vs when i was a kid
but i'm israeli god promised me the car!
radical shiite cleric taking aim
trump's transgender military ban is the best thing ever share if you agree
it's a boy
hooded female anti-semite democrat early 20th century hooded female anti-semite democrat early 21st century
just got a bootleg copy of muslim porn deep goat
sour candy will have you like 
white people scared to sit next to a muslim on a plane but then do shit like this
when i grow up. lol nevermind
redneck word of the day: "obama" i bought a me case of beer and drank it obama self
how white men look at you after they've already called the cops
ana frank at 14 years old ana frank at 15 years old
farrakhan speech at united center in chicago breaking news nation of islam members listen to minister louis
i think i've got a gas leak, i woke up this morning feeling all light headed and dizzy, so just to be on the safe side, i asked the neighbours if they could come suss it out for me, i figureed they'd know, being jewish and all.
when you fall face first in the mud
if you support this you're supporting the genocide of black men
hey bro close your eyes bro yes bro? ok bro go deeper o yeah abdul
the stocks were a public torture device that immobilized the feet of the punished person
lifetime presents: surviving life
hating the jews is a great honor for me and it makes me walk with my head high
trump: muslims should wear special id badges great idea
you want a fight? put your head up my ass and fight for air. whatsup!
mom won't let me use the oven with my jewish friends
it's not a hijab it's a diaper, for peoples with shit for brains
the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
i don't think my porn finished downloading
ever notice christians are horrible drivers
never again
3 jewish prisoners after being liberated by the ussr auschwitz 1945 colorized
i have a dream thats me with the belt
when the autistic black kid start giving the n-word pass to everyone this will be the end of wakanda
travel size coffee maker
jews and americans will ruin the world
just say yes to socialism jim carrey "dumb and dumber" was a movie... ...not a lifestyle
lgbt support @liquorgunsbaconandtits
friend : your phone is very slow, you should buy a new one me: as long as it plays music and porn it's nasa to me
this is how harvey price has grown over the years
bring me another smurf
*playing an old piano i found* the other jews in the attic:
i like my korean women the way i like my microwaves hot, clean and will kill any baby i put inside of it
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
when someone is talkin to you and you gotta shit
gays on their way home after pride week
girl muslim " is this a punching bag"?
where's jaws when you need him
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
according to women, there are 3 men in this pic
see? i fuckin told you! little foil on top keeps them jewsy
people who aren't retarded muslims hating jews
what if i told you dahyun is the best girl
don't understand your specific kind of stupid but i do admire your total commitment to it
loves me some boneless jungle ham
do you know how to use an oven! or do i need to dig up hitler so he can show you!
anymore pictures ? im kiddin let me pose
my wife asked me if i thought her friend was pretty... apparently, "i'd lick her her asshole" is the wrong answer!
i just squirted tranny fluid
when black is your favorite color
being republican is as easy as laundry you just separate the whites from the colors
when you get to choose your own mental illness
you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean. now it's my turn to send my justice-seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons. let's see how you all come out!!!
when the special needs girl with big tits is left unattended
when you get paid when you check your bank account after paying bills
when they laugh at your 9cm but you haven't even reached puberty yet
whatever we once were we are still one nation
if you think we need protection from these people... but not these people, you're a special kind of stupid
religion of peace? before every one understands that slam is the i mean, how many more times they have to do this i can kind of understand why muslims get so frustrated
sexbomb sexbomb you are my sexbomb
"muh dick" indicates a nigger's confusion and lack of understanding
making mashed potatoes
when you've had a rough day but you're trying to stay positive "it's great. i'm great. everything's just great."
sea monkeys
my sister died in a car accident she died reading a text i sent to her hit a tree if you hate niggers this is the text hit a tree if you hate niggers
rip harambe black lives matter
hands up all racists who support white genocide
there was a 4 car pile-up in mexico today 93 people died
meanwhile at the isis strip club
yup says so right here you got me fucked up
ain't no allah back girl
my eyes are always bloodshot after sex i think it's from the pepper spray
here's to the mothers who raised normal kids and to the select few who raised us awesome fuckers
flat earth is based on christianity and christianity is a jewish death cult think about it
love black people think everyone should have one
come on over i'm having a party the place is crawling with pussy
turn down for what
up his sleevies where did hitler where? keep his armies?
bitch, please! i don't i've got to go wanna get blow myself up tomorrow! married! islam - none of it makes sense
and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
obama voters
throws people into gas chambers evil throws people into eternal pits of fire good
hey, i just met you, and this is crazy, this is my grenade so blow me, maybe?
an expensive gas bill? i did nazi that coming
warning smoking kills
mein feelings have been hurt
let's gather everyone for family photo, where are my daughters?
even i can see you're a cunt
sea monkeys
if he's marrying me then why's he fucking a goat
i guess pushing gay people off buildings and killing women these people that push gays off buildings. is funny to her? she is disgusting!
just think of this as the day the bad music died
no one: white people when you nod at them:
fuck banks and all their fees
we had a minor gas leak
what's wrong? why are you mad? oh you don't have any more food? that sucks
how dare people make fun of our peaceful religion
we are returning to work after the photo
starts nazi party ... and wages war on other cultures
when the dope man tells you you're onna have to earn a front but i poop from there.
all races are equal
hahahaha this sucks, man
texas churches be like... praise the lord!
you can tell the gender of an ant by throwing it in water if it sinks= girl ant...if it floats= buoyant
arnold shootzanigger
obedience for those that dont like smiling probably due to their constant painful hip they all seem to grasp
enriching the mind and body while also enriching our hearts
i swear harvey's been chasing the same fly for the last 13 years
every man needs a decent coffee maker
fuckin' slaves
when you can't afford a new dishwasher so you hit the rusty one and make it work
you're never lonely at farmersownme
you know you're getting older when you walk by 3 priests and don't even get a look
chinese people be like happy thanksgiving
adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
fucking queers
we have 3 apples. we give away 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast
so, you think by being a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keef us from killing you ? you are a special kind of stupid
it's almost the weekend!
what would i do if she got pregnant
let them pursue their happiness
muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security! muslims in 2001
why don't i get sunburnt? because prisons are indoors
say it again jerry i shoot ilegals
and i even got a job in congress! these americans are so stupid!!! yep.........and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother!
interviewer: can you demonstrate your problem solving abilities ? me:
nazi fitness camp before and after body transformation within hours
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
suspect is a gender fluid, non on-gender specific clothing, assigned male at birth but identifies as a wearing mountain panda born caucasian
new zealand edition call of duty
only in america could these people consider themselves the "master race"
if they raise theirs and destroy our flag are they really people we want here ??
this one time at camp we got so baked
when your heading out to a convention with buddies and you get misdirected
moutain goats hide when they hear allah akbar because they here the goat fuckers are coming
im gonna be a woman
i'm relaxed now minding my own business
when you're caught staring at a goat and your wife gives you that face
say allahu akbar again... ...go ahead...say it!
when you only workout using body weight
you fucking liar that blowjob did nothing for my sore throat
the greatest gift of life is friendship and jews stole it and have removed it from me
when japan thinks you're gonna invade their mainland
oh look someone's returning a broken sandwich maker to walmart
mom? i'm pregnant!!
when your dishwasher is ready for another load
where is the black guy?
smile even in the worst of times
meanwhile at the isis strip club
when i finally find out who is responsible for my low gpa oh you gotta be shitting me
rep omar accuses trump of being 'bigoted' toward lgbt... do you agree with her, or is she out of her mind?
put'n the "ham" in mohamed
alabama: bans abortion. all of alabama in 5 years
when you take your dishwasher to the restaurant, but it starts talking
white parent black parent
literally nobody: white people sitting at the bar: can you put it on the golf channel??
slaves got whipped back in the day
a kind women giving a starving child some water
*reacts in shea butter twitter*
clown bait at its finest "trumps economy is so bad that truck drivers have to buy their own trucks" stacey abrams "democrat response"
what's a word that begins with n, ends in r and you never want to call a black person? a neighbour
"we should make it harder for criminals to get guns..." "...if even to prevent one tragedy" but let's not make it harder for perverts to use the ladies room... ...if even to prevent rape? one
runway fashion has become much more inclusive and way more creative!
i'm not a criminal i'm an undocumented felon
when you forget the bomb codes
would you rather have a gay son or thug son
enjoying a warm cup on a cold day
randomly deciding to bake something
when i have an orgasm it's tranny fluid
nothing comes between the bond of a rider and their horse
you've heard of elf on a shelf, now get ready for
eatin with the crew
he can be his new boy firend
i hate snow its white and on my land
i may not be a smart man ilhan but i know what a jew-hating islamist sounds like
when you beat the red light
when you find your best goat mating with the neighborhood runt
"she said "i want a ring" i said "bitch take your phone off silent! "
the aftermath of a van catching on fire
if yall daughters dancing like this.. they cant play with mines
if you hold it up to your ear you can hear police
life is like a box of chocolates you never know what you're gonna get
when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
these people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water then why don't they move closer to the fucking water??
just another year and another wrinkle on the ole' nutsack. happy birthday
you think that hoe thinks you're special lol she says that to us too!
i got new shoes brother died from ebola
yes donald. that sounds good . i once built a wall too
i don't know how to deal with black people but i guess i'll take a shot at it
me trying to tell my her not giving a shit liberal friend how because all men are much i love and trash appreciate her
those who die in blue, are remembered forever
in england they drive on the left in canada we drive on what's left
cinco de mayo isnt even celebrated by most mexicans it's just an excuse for white americans to get drunk
i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
sex is all fun and games until someone has to sleep in the wet spot
and this is where i keep my genetics
anne franks nudes exposed
think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that
that's the way allah allah i like it
when a girl squirts for the first time her:omg i'm so sorry is that pee? did i just pee on you?! omg! him:
wayment...way' one gotdamn minute ...'the fuckis dis shit.
over 50 south africans lost their lives after police opened fire during a protest
in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut but here i am free to talk trash about this country in hopes that i can change it to a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
bert and ernie dress up as goats in an attempt to catfish arab men
hey mom the goats asshole is inside out. what do?
the cashier seemed to appreciate that i bagged my own groceries until i unpacked them all and said, "that's how i want you to do it."
look son...another terror attack by peaceful bears!
i asked him to see things from my point of view he looked out the kitchen window
i hope one day people will understand that english is a language. not a measure of intelligence
saddle up motherfuckers it's time to play cowboys
the secret to a successful marriage is to keep his stomach full and his balls empty
fact: girls are very good at hockey because it's the only sport you can compare with
happy birthday its like your very own christmas!
how come you want me to remember what's important to you but tell me to get over what's important to me ?
in my day you were either pro america or you were a commie you can call yourself liberal, progressive or socialist but you're really nothing more than a commie pinko john wayne was never in the military
remember no matter how much you cry like a little bitch, trump will still be your president
when somebody shootin up the school & you tell the special ed kids to run at him as a distraction
i am tortured by the futility of my own genius
asians be like switching to fullscreen mode
mr. president, epstein is still alive
don't think we forgot
chimps asking for food
worst pijama party ever
they kill gays, and women who go out in public without a male relative and are supported by democrats and liberals
you think your day was bad? these two didn't get accepted to the same college
when you're walking home and come across a naked corpse i shouldn't
yes, we know trump said "mexico will pay for the wall" but now mexicans are the wall. that boy good!!!!
i promise i promise. i promise. i deliver
shut up you meathead
can't snort coke through a rolled-up bitcoin
"the road to give a fuck.... is that way!" "
this dude wants to use the same restroom as your daughter liberals call you a bigot if you object
problem solutions
i'm responisble for the deaths of over 50 million people! so another dozen or so won't hurt! *click!
when they laugh about your 9cm in the change room but they haven't seen you're 9 mm yet
when you're caught staring at a goat and your wife gives you that face
i just got out of church.. just kidding, i'm not that fucking retarded.
black boyfriend white boyfriend
let me be clear.... if i had a son, he would look like harambe
how my friends introduce me she's our friend and she's crazy!
number 1 side effect of steroids acting like a douchebag
trumpanzees when are you low skilled, white trash motherfuckers gonna get busy doing all the jobs mexicans used to do? we're waiting
i'll never forget the time.. your grandad put me on his shoulders so i could show my tits to slayer
positivity is a mind set
talking about animal rights is fun
immigrant problem problem fixed
kill the jews and muslims for being anti-white
ever notice christians are horrible drivers?
i'm sorry i made the chewbacca sound but maybe if you shaved next time.....
patriarchy: while the men had fun dying... the females were oppressed.. ..inside "comfortable concentration camps" called homes
you know your country is multicultural when there's armed patrols on the streets belgium germany france england
hiroshima 1945 2016 detroit 1945 2016 moral of the story.. it's easier to come back from a nuclear bomb than 5 decades of big gover government policies
black people anthing that doesn't belong to them
ilhan omar told several republicans that they should try shawarma, a delicious middle eastern dish from her culture
i may be blind but at least i'm not dead
me to me: "he's cute! just don't come on too strong!" also me:
he went to jihad's
the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or he kill follow my allah or i kill you! you moderate muslim radical muslim
when you're the gay friend and also the meme lord
"i don't think all of the suffering of african-americans during the period of slavery can ever equate to what's been done to white conservative americans in the past 8 years of obama's presidency" michelle bachman yes, she really said this! conservatives are destroying our future | cadof.org "
the name's todd... retodd
i'm what the new working man looks like'
that awkward moment when there's no candy in the back
oh boy i can't wait to go out and pray for allah on friday, march 15th 2019 12:30pm gmt at new zealand christchurch hello brother
any girls a squirter if you sever an artery
lets see if this is considered dark honey,you killed a butterfly. no butter for you for a month dad i also killed a cockroach today. nice try..
y'all wanna see a stupid post
i heard you need a new tranny?
best thing about an ethiopian blowjob?...  you know shes gonna swallow!!! well it's true
why are there so many female archeologist? because bitches love digging up the past
if a muslim beats his wife, is it domestic violence, or child abuse
sure i shit talk the people i like but i shoot the people i don't like so that has to count for something right?
@ unhumanrights
how mexicans be like.. when they hear their friends kid is having a birthday party
hurry up and hide your valuables
yeah okay nigger
how i see kim burell everytime she grabs a mic
i killed someone then i found out they were annoying
my local mosque is really going all out for gay pride this year
sorry, i only grope women
america doesn't need a gun ban it needs an idiot ban
my husband does everything i ask but i have to ask
yesterday i told my wife her soup tasted like crap today it is much better
great punching bag
similar to sharks because all the great ones are white
i don't always listen to the 80's.... but when i do, so do the neighbors
yes, ilhan omar is anti-semitic and anti-american but she is on our side
obama family photo
i've told my neighbor to keep thier pug out of my yard 3 times already
when you're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre-schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun begins
when the new call of duty comes out and you're already camping
sells you idea of heaven custom builds armored vehicle to avoid heaven as long as possible
if you're protesting against this man visiting the uk... ...but protesting for this woman to return to the uk... ...then you're practicing your freedom of speech
trump says he doesn't like suppressors. well.....he's a democrat so..
what a true rapist looks like
when you go out to fight for independence but forgot to lock up the slaves
if a nigga did this he would've got the death penalty
islamic state soldiers celebrating we should kill them all
porch monkey 4 life
ford wants to make sure you make it home, so now included on all new mustangs, tool box holders!
kylie's pregnant i'm gonna be a tranpa !
welcome to feminism where everything is sexist and nobody understands but them
when you're so racist you won't even hire white guys to commit fake white hate crimes against yourself!
never forget
fuck, my mom is gonna kill me fuck, my mom is gonna kill me
whatever this is... it's an auburn fan
if you're happy and you know it go to hell
this nigar behind me ain't in compliance
thanks trump for my new job making america white again
if evolution is true then why are there still monkeys? if the internet puts the totality of human knowledge at your fingertips, then why are there still idiots?
america in reality don't let the media divide us!
they have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one!
rabbits jump and they live for 8 years dogs walk and they live for 15 years. turtles do nothing and they live for 150 years. lesson learned
donald, you are not welcome on my show sir, i do not want to be on your show
happy birthday you sexy beast
i bet they make squeaky toy sounds when they fuck
hello, maria? yes your uber has arrived
family are gathered in the kitchen the mum is watching her son interact with his sister
mental health is important
i haven't been this excited about a friday since last friday
man dresses up to celebrate the chinese new year of the pig
what is the difference between old milwaukee and a clitoris a clitoris only tastes like piss for a second
happy kids
poster for the new play
the granny and the tranny clinton/obama 2020 democrat's secret weapon for 2020
when you are on a cruise and you give the monkeys to much liqour
what it looks like when cancer gets aids
define nowfag i want it now!
let me be clear.. uh.
gallows "pure evil" "traitors" "nobody escapes this. nobody"  "america for sale" "down she goes" "these people are sick" "bring back the gallows!" she never thought she would lose. until she did
this one time at camp we got so baked
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
when she finally has your own month
i don't always get called a homophobe but when i do the people saying it always look like retards
oh boy i cant wait to visit notre dame cathedral on april 15th 2019 fuck the french fuck the french bunch of gay cuckholds
look son a fucking idiot
transwoman yelling at me about the meme i made me wondering what this dude's problem is
what i'm really thinking when i like all your pictures
if you want something get off your ass and earn it
.... if only it gave you legs
so they rigged the elections, gave hillary the debate answers had dead people vote, tapped trumps phones, and they still lost!
closing time one last call for green cards you dont have to go home but you cant stay here
i was gonna make a muslim joke but they always blow up in your face gotta be careful
driver: "what am i supposed to do with this speeding ticket?" .co " officer: "keep it, when you collect four of them, you get a bicycle."
my favorite vegetable is me!
fresh out of bradford bomb jovi
hello brother wait is that a shotgun?
long time no see nigger
when the muslim pulls out a bomb from his bag it's so fucking big
i asked him to see things from my point of view he looked out the kitchen window
literally just a photo of the 1924 democratic convention
having a terrible day please post your most offensive joke in the comments i feel like sulking, but also laughing
it's time for america to flush this turd
not american royalty just plain old white trash
you're asking people for 5 cents a day? but you had money to fly here and make a commercial?
this is the result of letting muslims in
terrorist attacks innocent people with guns leaders want innocent people to give up their guns and become even more defenseless.
you cant post that
sharks don't attack him why? they think it's whale shit
mariachis make the party 10x better
what men want
siri take me home starting route to gym
they should not be allowed to have kids you made your choice bitch, now live with it!
dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong, but i find it completely justified
face down. ass up. that's the way we like allah
when you feel the music in your soul and have to belt it out for the world to hear
my kids will never know that awful feeling of realizing there's no vhs tape behind the box at the video store
congratulations it's a boy
with faith and willpower you can overcome all obsticales
who you gonna call? ghostbusters
when you have a screaming contest at the protest
glad of growing up with this not this
you're telling me i can't pick my bed time? what kind of household is this?!
when the squad is about to get lit.
white trash nation
this country was made by real men not cowardly ass muslim bitches
i hate snow its cold
sorry i'm late. having car trouble
isis glory hole
for the last time.. i'm not michelle obama
laundry day
in other contries in porkistan
would you help give a push if you were ask
open you hand tyrone, i know you stole it
if black lives really mattered.. they'd stop shooting eat other!
speaking to the house
i will not let america turn into another nation of islam !!!!!!
feeling bored, let's go to a mosque
if a man remembers the color of your eyes after a first date you have small boobs
we had a major crisis
i too was once a male trapped in a female's body but then i was born
if this makes you a citizen does this make him family?
i saw her standing there and i told her she had three beautifull children. she did't have to get all pissed off and threaten me. it was an honest mistake
happy anniversary to that time you headbutted your way out of a vagina
give it back tyrone... i know you took it
see the difference? negro real jews european fake jews
1/1024th native american 1024/1024th your president
do you think a terrorist has or could infiltrate our goverment ???
you call me a goat fucker that is racist
when you lose your first boxing match
ask that dumb ass question again and i'll head out
you see an innocent child i see the perpetuation of systematig oppression
goes on tinder instead of match.com
how high are you no officer, its "hi, how are you"?
now i know why bitches raise their one leg up!
le 40% suicide rate has arrived
michelle obama sighted sun bathing in afghanistan
hey, i just met you, and this is crazy i forgot the condom, so anal maybe?
when she says "don't cum in me" but but you know she'll make a great single mother
about to explode l with pride now that his daughter can go to school
history teacher: 6 million jews died during wwii me:
every modern rap album cover
i'm gonna be honest i don't much care for the chinese
please send us your thoughts and prayers
if it has tires or tits you're gonna have problems with it
i'm at the camp and i still can't concentrate
i said "a glass of juice".
who needs a human interaction when you've got a loyal animal companion
watch out i'll put a bomb in your car
if you're protesting against this man visiting the uk. ...but protesting for this woman to return to the uk.. ...then you're a special kind of stupid
me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
socialists want to disarm us and make us use trains no thanks, i've seen where that leads, i'll keep my car
jesus christ may have 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish. but adolf hitler made 6 million jews toast
this moment changed the world
dad, i've had too much to drink again
that's black people for ya what did you expect
when you see your girl with another man
"you wouldn't stop me if i was a polar bear."
we'll kill you over some trivial shit then fucking mock your dying words
when it's your first day in prison and you accidentally drop the soap but it lowkey wasn't an accident this is when the fun begins
over 5,000 years of eating bread and in less than a decade everyone is allergic to gluten
9's on the stock bottom no your ls cant do that! wait, im ls swapped..
yes, this is she
designed for maximum concentration
who burnt that popcorn ?
bruce was limber, bruce was quick. but bruce went liberal and lost his dick
scientist: ...my invention can create matter in all three forms. gas, liquid, and solid my asshole: you know, i'm something of a scientist myself
911 three white kids in the park planning the next school shooting two can play that game
goofy fuckin black people
you're not wrong you're just an asshole
when you tease your husband in public
way over there is where you go with that bullshit
what if i told you it's racist to assume white people are racist
when you stoned your 3rd wife yesterday and you're lonely ankle compilaion
when muslim nibbas see a extra ticc goat in the neighborhood
march against muslims 6 million dogs in britain 3 million muslims dogs lives matter we demand muslim free zones i lost my job as a sniffer dog because muslim racists say i'm 'unclean'
people with dwarfism arguing
if i become a superhero would i be an ex-men or a trans-former
the pope says trump is not a christian because christians dont build walls vatican walls are 40 feet high
all men are pigs women are equal to men
close up portrait of a serious black man
i will rise but i refuse to shine
house of god
vote for me free kfc, grape kool aid, & watermelon
but then again this is too good, ekse
when mom dresses you for picture day
thats a little savage
ernie leaves letter clues about what type of minority is locked in his oven
it's gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes
another khuuun tiger woods claims hes not black despite his father being black
thinking about avdol's death remembering he was a muslim
if being racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks
i am racist i vote for donald
etch a sketch for my birthday worst present ever
back in my day blowin a tranny was car trouble
girl problems? throw acid on that bitch
tammy find me them keys
it's a simple grammar question leeroy! "what cames at the end of a sentence?" parole ?
i want you to stop being a faggot
just bought my first slow cooker!
violence is never the answer
oh how cute.... a guinea pig.
please follow proper safety protocal osha is there for a reason
when a person tells you that your meme meme or joke was heavily offensive i can go lower
breaking news nation of islam members listen to minister louis farrakhan speech at united center in chicago
a summary of every jewish holiday they tried to kill us, we won, let's eat
"i say, we knock off trump and then, go after pence. we have the power." - maxine waters 9/17/2018 yes, she actually said this and then blames president trump for inciting violence
feeling cute might eat hay later, idk
book about good and bad
such a beautiful day for playing and praying
i'm so old i remember telling people to eat my ass as an insult not a snack offer
thug life until 10pm
shit... the dishwasher is broken again
what does your wife and a hand grenade have in common remove the ring and your house is gone
what women think they'll do when the economy collapses vs what they'll actually do
life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
mother fixing her daughters hair
49 people were killed at christ church 49 people were killed at christ church mosques muslim muslim
one girls peice of shit boyfriend is another drunk sluts prince charming
-your pug is cute as hell -that's my son
teach you about him? how can they if the romans killed christ
leave no dog behind ''
puts on sunblock doesn't protect from harmful rays
a 12 week old fetus. legal to kill in all 50 states can you imagine that wrapped in bacon???
i will build a space force and make the martians pay for it believe me! bigly!
all i want for christmas is 6 million
if you havin' road problems i feel bad for you son i got 99 problems but this ditch aint one
middle eastern prostitute
well there's your problem your serpentine belt is the wrong size
if'm yous still 1 teef at 30 y'all don't know how ta live
attacking a person for who they are or where they're from is an attack on their people and culture as a whole
hans ja? get him to auschwitz
look at all the latinos in our zoo i not really even don't a care. little do u?
when you and your friends are having wine night and you're feeling sassy
adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
muslim nibba lost his bag, help to find
when you're feeling confident and cheeky and want to tese your partner
i'm in love with the shape of jew
eat have more more bacon sex?
watching news always confuses me, immigration, tax, government!!
non-binary genders are real there are more than 2 genders. no...just no!!!
when the human asks who knocked everything off the table awiens
"america has stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews" google it
trump supporters be like mexicans stole my teeth
admit it, you sometimes listen to strangers conversations and think to yourself, "you are a stupid motherfucker"
when you glue your ass shut so your uncle can't rape you survival
2011 gt3 rs with a rebuilt tranny
boy with progeria disease and his pet cat
when you're losing an argument against your black friend
i keep hitting the escape key... but i'm still here
i will not look at her tits because she is my friend said no man ever
thats a makeup artist for you. what did you expect?
i coined a new phrase for muslim terrorists: proxy jews
destruction 100 restoration 100
ladies! if your man is offended by this he is a faggot end of story
we're glad you're home the russians pooped in the hallway!
honor killings are part of our culture well then, it will be my honor to kill you all
do you agree with pauline to stop islamic immigration to australia share if you agree
what if he was the second coming of christ certainly would explain his issue with jewish people
nothing beats a cut of coffee in the morning
when you want to read about other cultures
it was gonna jump! i'm holdin' it back!
liberals are outraged by president trump's lack of protocol when meeting the queen of england
over 620 000 white people died to free black slaves so please lets cut the bullshit out - jf16
"the other day i was sucking my sister and she said "you fuck like dad" and i was like "that's what mom said"
fuck, my mom is gonna kill me fuck, my mom is gonna kill me
you like something that i do not particularly enjoy disgusting prepare to forfeit your life
ahmed? i'm pregnant!!
fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck!
retarded all stars retarded team of the week
silence female retard
survives ebola gets adopted by angelina jolie
psst i got a secret to tell you
then they gave me a crown of thorns and whipped me it was so hot i came twice
they said we didn't have a chance in 2016 they say we don't have a chance in 2020 will you vote for me in 2020?
when republicans freed the slaves this is how democrats responded
look son... another terror attack by peaceful muslims!
nazi fitness camp before after body transformation within hours
did you know that pigs are cannibals? disgusting savages
white people before they leave the house be like
jolo jew only live once
everywhere: eats africa: "we don't do that here"
when you're so high you make down syndrome up syndrome
this one time at camp we got so baked
marks left by a chevy marks left by a ford
they're not really after me they're after you i'm just in their way
terminigger
and just like that.. i'm into hiking
i don't see anything wrong with him other than he stole a wheelchair
cannibalism
this abuse is not ok
what do you get when you see bill cosby in double vision raped
when you're muslim but you have oil
go ahead call the cops they can't unrape you
bruce jenner's cat
refugees welcome
then he said i couldn't come to the barbecue because i always burn the franks
why are we smart? because we went to campes!
i love to fight for my country
don't be rude, folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
uncle daddy and me gonna have us a nephson
my tits may be nice but my pussy is the bomb
protestors should step their game up and start blocking railroad crossings
do you think a terrorist has or could infiltrate our goverment ???
texas churches be like... pew pew pew
when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
when you borrow money from grandma and can't pay her back
muslims are idiots!!! muhammad was a pig that's the truth folks! allah is that pig's penis!!!
life is hard it's harder when you're stupid
can you see the difference?
when your dad comes home from a suicide bombing
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
america sucks. conservatives are racists. rich people are evil. give me your money. the 2020 democrats!
been here 6 generations, gets loan to be repaid in full from the government. been here 3 months gets $1400/wk from the government
meanwhile at the isis strip club
dude! look at this girl! carl, shut the... damn that ass!
when you choke the hooker a little too hard and she dies this is where the fun begins
carolina squat what kind of mental midget, coconut humping, poop throwing from a tree, goat herding, mouth breathing, have you seen my helmet moron remotely thought this was cool
i hate americans more than hillary or obama..!! trust me.
when tr*nnies want to be accepted but they mutilate their bodies
pete buttigieg.. leviticus 20:13 if a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have commited an abomination
yeah, i'm lgbt let god burn them
when an asian buys an american sports car the gooks of hazzard
i am nurtured by your hatred
happy day of hatching from your jew egg
during sex. i suddenly stopped and didn't move she: "what are you doing?" me: "hush bitch, i seen this on pornhub, its called buffering
adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
when you're nuts deep in a nasty hooke and feel something bit your dick there's a baby in this dumpster
just for control ne this is my current mood
for just ten cents a day you can have delicious hand jerky
faceswap ching chong 100
nice try women now go back to the kitchen
i like my women like i like my chickens held in captivity until i behead them
if being a racist means i don't want my country filled with radicalized 'refugees' from terrorist countries, attacking people in the street because of their religion, yelling <<death to infidels>>, stabbing dozens of bystanders with a butcher knife then i'm a racist
it warms my heart seeing fathers spending time woth their kids
30 minutes after eating taco bell
when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it. i can't
how do you know if a black guy is well hung? you can't fit your finger between the rope and it's neck!!
white kids be like im killing everybody
hello my lgbtq friends it's pride month so free shots for everyone
behind every screaming goat is a muslim with his pants down
i won a gift card for blockbuster
remember when they voted on your new green deal in the senate and no one supported it? that was awesome!
just waterin' the dirt
look at these precious 3- year olds & windows, said no sane person, ever
shut up cunt.
that face you make when you're a bully and just got beat up by a girl
my favorite animal is carrot
you can fuck off with that shit you can fuck straight off to fuck off mountain while riding your fuck horse to the land of awwww hell no
hey man you gotta go home my parents are fighting again
dishwasher for sale missing parts
blowjobs buy one get one free
yobo you only blowup once
whlle the keepers were distracted, harold, the oldest of all the apes, made his escape by posing as a wheelbarrow wheelbarrow pusher
knowing white people he's probably the father
no woman commits suicide of they fail to find broke guy for marriage
this is rudolf hess. he edited mein kampf for adolf hitler. that makes him..... the first grammar nazi
making decent coffee
almost all of trump supporters are white
please make them white
me getting offended at a joke is like a jew escaping a gas chamber it never happens
grab your helmut its about to get retarded
muslims in a predominantly christian nation christians in a predominantly muslim nation
donald trump is my bitch you stupid arrogant americans.!
ramadan begins may 27. bombathon ends june 24
jesus loves you because you're poor white trash
mooch in his natural habit
the double tap is a myth shoot until the threat changes shape or catches fire. only then will your enemies know true peace
i dont like sandwiches . oh well nevermind ..
how do i like my eggs? same as i like my niggers beaten and separated from the whites
don't get fooled take them out swimming on the first date
liberals waiting for cnn to tell them what to be upset about next
new zealand edition call of duty
when your group has a bunch of inactive members in it... hey... do stuff..
white trash you are doing it right
police academy graduation ceremony
october 31: this year i'm gonna get through no nut november november 1: so that was a fucking lie
" i don't wanna, just get it, get it, get it, get it (that shit is so hard) chance the rapper "the big day"
jokes don't kill people muslims who are offended by jokes kill people
i don't like the term "rape" i prefer "cuddle with a struggle"
vitiligo is a skin disease that causes the loss of melanin
how many more mass shootings must we orchestrate before you give up your guns?
thats fucked up, but i like it
when you don't know who to call the police or the rspca
when your friend looks at you after the acid drops
iroc z italian retards out 'cruising'
islam "i will instill terror into the hearts of the un believers: smite ye above their necks and smite all their finger-tips off." quran 8:12
when you stuff your jewish chicken before you give it a good roast
when you and your best friend get in trouble together
happy birthday brother!!!!
shoutout to all the ladies who don't gotta be half naked to get a mans attention. the rest of you bitches come with me
say cheese! photobomb
that look when your father sells you for a goat
the look on his face when he discovers the blood from ahmed raping his virgin daughter
hey barack, my tranny is better than yours!
this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
sacred cross? sounds like bullshit let me call my friend who's an expert in bullshit and fairy tales
him: "you have to respect our religious beliefs" me:
fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck!
i told my gay friend that i can turn fruits into vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
hello dispatch, white folks are celebrating killing other white folks for land that ain't theirs
hell yeah nig- i mean brother!!!
they don't deserve to suffer
perfect day until you remember you haven't showered in a week
nothing is stronger than love except a tiger ii
can you tag your friend tell them i found their baby pic
when you're lonely and have no one to pull the anal beads out for you
what life feels without moisturizer
when you're muslim but you have oil
i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
i bet her pillows dont have pillowcases
after group sex mohammed is very tired
making mashed potatoes
new zealand: dozens dead in mass shooting usa: -first time?
well look at you i've never fingered a potato
it's racist to call me a goat humper even though i hump goats
i'm sure glad i dodged that bullet fuck white women asians are cute and tight asf i should know, i watch anime and hentai
go back to sleep your government is in control
im not racist i love all my friends
don't shoot im unarmed
jewish man hears a knock on his door, presumably an ss officer, as he was preparing to flee his home, 1942 (colorized)
girl: how do you eat pussy? me: like a retard tasting ice cream for the first time
when you're friends make fun of you for having a weird shaped body
how do mexicans feel about trumps wall? they'll get over it
i thought of something funnier than 9/11 the holocaust
vikings walk in. fuck shit up. walk out
excuse me, do you have a moment to talk about racism?
danish bacon ... it's gonna rock your world
how dark is your humor? me:
respect your elders they've learned a lot in their time
i now have two identities transgender and transfat
dad why do we stink? so blind people can hate us too, son
a short histoy of u.s. presidents
lawd, please give me strength to walk away peacefully because we both know i don't have the bail money
when you don't abort the baby and it dies anyways
happy birthday ya lil goat fucker
we've reviewed your report of the group "all jews should be burned alive" and found that it doesn't violate facebook's terms of service..
when mom calls you by your full name
arabs arabs how could the jews do this to us
instructor: ...and this is how you take off me: ok cool, but how do i land? instructor: good question
when you escape a heatwave a sprinkler
if one drop of semen contains more life than a drop of blood, then why don't vampires suck cock? oh wait......twilight
i like my coffe like i like my slaves extra dark
that face she makes when ahmed hits the g-spot
old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
a vaginai is like a tin roof if you don't nail it enough, it ends up over at the neighbors
women are like parking spots usually, the best ones are taken... so when no one is looking-stick it in the disabled one
will you hurry up and die you chocolatey little fucker i'm fucking starving
bruce jenner's cat
as for the open liquor, i live in my car. my car is my home. i'm sure you have liquor in your home. cops pull you over in your house, how is that open liquor?
smh kids these days rely too much on technology
the media calls them refugees but this is what you will get
nazi soldiers used flame throwers to clear trenches
i just hear my girlfriend is pregnant
when god sees people claiming that there are more than two genders isn't that my decision?
whenever you feel stupid, remember this
hey look at me! i'm wearing a yellow hat!
let's end racism
when all your army's peaceful solutions fail you know what our problems require special forces' unconventional solutions
proud to exercise my beliefs
a "man bun?" i tie my hair like that giving head
do you want to know the real reason they don't want 5.7 million muslims rioting in their streets the french government hasn't mentioned terrorism?
has an interview.. ...shoots out truth
destroy diversity. preserve the uniqueness of white culture
meanwhile at the isis strip club
how long can i run? till the chain tightens
my first high school football game was a lot like my first time having sex... i was bloody and sore at the end but at least my dad came
*when i finally snap and actually kill myself after years of saying "i wanna die"* my friends: you did it. you crazy son of a bitch, you did it
is that guy fucking a goat god damit carl...he is
the first president they can't control ...and they don't likeit!
sometimes a man's purpose in a woman's life is to help her become a better woman... for another man
"so i'm expected to walk on eggshells in my own country just so i don't offend some 7th century islamic goat humpers who ain't figured out yet this is the 21st century???" "what the hell kinda meat headed bullshittery do you call that?!??"
chelsea clinton... so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
destroying babri hindu niqqas after buslims after throwing stones on local mandir
dude, sometimes when i close my eyes i can't see
no money for them plenty of money for them
send me sexy pic
we are the knights who say nigger
dudes be like i'm just going to like all of her pics... except for the ones of her and her man
you say i'm racist because i don't want illegals here? i have some news for you. "illegal" isn't a race, morons
what the neighbors see what my father sees
chelsea clinton.. so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
so....i guess you can't give me an old fashioned... ....how bout a bj?
officer down
put'n the "ham" in mohamed
i don't see a poblem with banging my sister adam and eves kids had to bang to populate the world
handjobs sold separately!
never trust women
lust and love
oh you're triggered? must be hard being a special snowflake
it's a piece of cake if she's not awake
listen up sweetheart and let this sink in i never owned any slaves and you never picked any cotton. here ends the lesson. i don't owe you shit
how! can i get dat percap?
attacks trump's unpaid daughter pays her own daughter $750, 000 to send out mailers
are we there yet
rice cooker now versus in 1945
sorry if i offended you but maybe you needed to be offended here's my apology and one more thing... fuck you!!
rise of the planet of the apes (1963)
muslim at the entrance: "hello brother!" brenton tarrant:
today's gop base he's old, he's white, he's believes all the shit he hears on grumpy and he fox news
when the food you made actually taste good
when your ex says "you won't find a b*tch half the woman i am"
i'm taking my clock to school
mississippi wind chime
raising goats is hard work
people think i go out of my way to piss them off trust me, it's not out of my way at all
jack nicholson is a savage at lakers games when he sceams at the players
first gay pride parade! can't wait! making history
emmanuel macron said: 'nationalism is treason' if not for the u.s. you'd be saying that in german right now
that's why we bomb you
let's take out the trash impeach both
disney and chill ?
when this happened at home i had no one i could tell
creeps into your childs room empties his sack
when someone asks me to remove a picture because they're offended
did nazi that coming
the new space saving dishwasher you can hang it anywhere!
classic photo of anne frank
where do suicide bombers go after they die? everywhere
have you seen my bag
i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher him: let me help you!
stalin: if you invade us, you break our agreement hitler: quicksaving..
i vote republican... ...because i may not have much, but republicans will make sure others have even less
go home, snail you are drunk
fucking aye
if asians got random english tattoos too it means love in english!
fur missile incoming
hey these arent mcdonalds fries
how to get a black guy to see his baby
when the un adds another million to the holocaust death toll
when you're losing an argument against your black friend
people are loosing their minds over terrorism and isis in america... and veterans are all like... "wake me up when i can go fuck shit up and not go to iail for it"
what does blm stand for? black lives matter
women ask for equal rights, so i give them equal lefts aswell
laughs in [majority of u.s crime rate]
from no child left behind to no child left alive
hello brother wait is that a shotgun?
black people mitochondria being the powerhouse of the cell
lol i missed my period last week
black power white power keep poking that bear
they want this not because they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
who said that women can't park
fuck banks fuck indians too
dark humor is like food not everyone gets it. #justnorthkoreathings
how many fucking accounts do you assholes have?
shoot boy, i ain't racist i've got four black tires and a color tv
when you realize that "ginger" is just the n-word, rearranged
you see this pig? it's called muhammad
went outside today yolo
after 3 million years of evolution we have only lost the hair!
a muslim ban would've stopped that
"gun control" doesn't mean what you think it means it means only the state will have guns if you think that's a good idea you need to read a history book
is this mother fucker serious? where in the hell am i going to find a truck load of bitches?
when you die and go to heaven but now have to wait for your doggo to join you
master chef with low rating master chef with high rating
valentine in islamic countries
about my page there will be shit you don't like, i'm going to post it anyway
how can this be allowed a free home and benefits? when this man was allowed to die on the streets after serving this country
its national hebrew day go pick up a hot jewish girl
i like my niggers like i like my christmas ornaments hanging from my tree
once you go black you deserve it
now what !? captain vagina hit them with your purse?
our dad is potato farmer
this is anne frank in june 1929
christians are retarded
when the jews genocide you so hard for 50 years that your population triples
when americans realize fish swim in schools
it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
did you know you are supposed to pull anal beads out slowly? i didn't... i started the wife up like a fucking chainsaw
blacks when they hear kilometers per hour instead of monkeys per yard
play stupid games win stupid prizes
when you're shooting up the school and the cops shoot the black kid that's running away
every day you spent home sick from school was spent with bob
gudako: top fans gay top fans : admin gay it's fine for me to say that, but not for you!
when i grow up i wanna be a famous rapper
eix bafe2, i didn't sign up for this shit
flight attendant: *yawns* deaf passengers:
when she say its not you its me bitch its finna be yo eye
only man to award a terrorist 10.5 million dollars for killing an american oldier....fucking scum bag!
it can't be homicide if there is no race
when the kush so good you lose chromosomes
celebrating the weekend like
this shit right here is why i suicide people
when yo finna play w/ yo self, then you think about yo dead relatives thats watching
hitler giving his speech to german people
when a parent tells me that their kid is an angel [whispering] so was lucifer
i'm an evolved monkey on a cartoon ball, nasa told me, its science bruh!
it's not high treason it's alternative loyalty
its spring so don't forget to reverse your battery cables so the air conditioner comes on instead of the heat
hello is that everything you need ? i thought you left your smile back there
i love muslims point me to right direction
have you ever tried ethiopian food? neither have they
send me location
chicks be like the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice
uncle : that ain't all your hair me: them ain't all your kids #thanksgivingclapback
white people love snitching so much they created yelp
clint eastwood and michelle obama
when you glue your ass shut so your uncle can't rape you survival
how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
transgender satan is not amused
made rice krispies way before kellogg's rt @tooracist: my japanese girlfriend didn't get this joke. i had to drop the bomb twice
they probably arguing over some little shit
dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong, , but i find it completely justified
great news! my iq tests came back negative
no racism
socialism: because you don't need toilet paper when there is no food
"if that uckin bastard wins, we're all going to hang from nooses! you better fix this shit!" -hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17, 2016
why arent there any pharmacies in africa? because you cant take medicine on an empty stomach
i may be blind but at least i'm not black
that post was so shit mel gibson is making a film about it
get your nails ready. you never know when you have to show them off
when you and ya partner see an unarmed black youth
the world's most wanted terrorist obama bin lying
whats the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest? a suicide vest actually accomplishes something when its triggered
when you fuck a black guy cuz you thought they all had big dicks, but it was small, and now your purse is missing
husband husband you are my husband
do i make you horny baby.... do i??????
pride week
caitlin jenner showing off her new whip
my religion is the religion of peace if you don't believe in it we will kill you
women deserve equal rights and support
whenever i go to a bar i shout out "you cheating whore!!!" whoever turns around is who i'm buying drinks for!
you say dirty infidel, i say filthy goyim! you make them become cucks, i'll mow them down with trucks! side by side for white genocide!
*somethings bad happens* medieval europe: jews i swear, it was the guy with the long nose
"why do you keep pressuring me to do anal ?" me: so much to do, so much to see, so what's wrong with taking the backstreets ?
this steak is so black it's trying to abandon the baby potatoes
look! we have a right to be angry, stop bombing our country
hunger games he's winning
show m an american ghetto and i'll show you a place where white democrats are in power
if your phone gets wet, try putting it in dry rice at night, the rice will attract asians who will fix your electronics for you
you boys every played hot potato
first off i'm t.i. not kanye west
you can't be racist if. nvm you are racist
once you go black so does your eye
how white liberals treat minorities who don't vote democrat
i know who my enemy is and i know he's watching us now and you're just his nigger
see here's your mistake you added a fuck that i didnt give
when ur too young to know racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet
the floor is jews
when did you have lunch?
that's black people for you what did you expect?
me every time i'm out in public there's too too many people on this this earth. we need a new plague
crisis hotline, how can i help? well...i'm feeling suicidal... great! can you fly a plane?!
when you're about to play with yourself but you can't stop thinking about that gorilla dream from last night
i see you what you did there
during the holocaust, jewish bodies were treated like trash
if your refund is more than you paid in taxes you aren't getting "your taxes" back, you're getting "my taxes" back!
trump supporters be like fucking mexicans
i'm a gnigger and you've been robbed
when the whole squad roasts the jewish kid
you cant handle the truth
once you go black so does your eye
i almost joined the kkk once.. but there weren't enough gay, black women in town to justify me volunteering that much free time
when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
investigating homicide in lgbtq community
vlad the impaler loved eating food and killing people
perfect girls don't exi
is there any greater joy for us men than raping women? what in the goddamn fuck
when you're cool with the lbgtq community
quick, which one is a bb gun? oops, too late.. ..you're dead
dear single girls, please stop saying you should give up and get a cat. if no man wants you, please don't force an innocent cat to live with you
your daddy shoulda pulled out!
your memes suck show us your tits
great apes
basic white girl in her natural habitat this is what i imagine heaven looks like womenwholovewine wineaisle target whitegirlwasted
hey bro i'm not racist bro but ever noticed poo coloured women are loud, ugly, stupid, fat and act like primates? i haven't noticed that
people report my shit i produce more shit
i like my coffee like i like my slaves extra dark
how do you like them well done please!
time barack hussein obama muslim of the year
i like my coffee like i like my women in the kitchen where they belong
knowing white people he's probably the father
friends come and go but brothers last forever
who wore the kufi best??
sunday family fun day!
kathy bates in the movie waterboy
whenever you feel stupid remember hindus wash themselves and purifies their souls the river is the 5th most polluted river in the wolrd
i hate 3 things: racism. sexism and white men
when i grow up... lol nevermind
alright girls ! smiiiiile
when you mighta been born just plain white trash but fancy is your name
how you like me now ?
being a boy in the 90's being a boy in 2018..
you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
six kids, no husband, no job, and food stamps $10,000 back in income taxes
my momma... momma says girls are the devil
justin trudeau the imam of canada
the ruling on the field stands mr. hernandez did not get both feet on the ground in time
be right back left the gas on
amsterdam hamster dam
so glad i grew up doing this not this
illegal aliens are not welcome
he went to jihad's
push for better healthcare in the country injuries happen when you least expect them
grandparents be like one little snack before you go home
trannies deserve being thrown into an active nuclear reactor
that face you make when he uses the wrong hole
when he asks you to see your hair
mexicans hugging and kissing walls and fences, to show their love for border controls
you say not all muslims are monsters? imagine a bowl of m&ms with 10% of them are poisoned. would you eat a handful
don't settle for just any bargain brand white trash ask for tomi larhen by name now with 50% more maga
proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
whats the best thing about a blowjob? the 10 minutes of silence!
don't move and give me your money
"if that fuckin bastard wins, we're all going to hang g from nooses! you better fix this shit!" -hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17, 2016
back in the day when you couldn't hide behind a computer screen
someone else used kids to push an agenda
monkeys often pick bugs off each other to snack on
this would be racist if black people could read
person i chase: *shows clear signs he doesn't want to do anything with me* me: i'm gonna pretend i didn't see that
the wife said we needed a new coffee maker, so i got one. the name is mr. coffee, the wife was amused
which is more important length or girth? turns out its consent
we love your political correctness and tolerance it's our greatest weapon against you!!!
what are we waiting for again ?
that feeling you get when people from the uk start talking shit
who assassinated joan rivers after she trashed obama, remember
illegal aliens are more american than american citizens. aoc 01/08/19
tfw you hear that you should be able to walk again with 2 months of pt
not all muslims are terrorist
when nobody knew who you were until you got on your knees
president trump accused of sexual assault right before the election clarence thomas accused sexual harassment right before the election right before getting voted in by the senate roy moore accused of sexual assault right before senate election in alabama brett kavanaugh accused of sexual assault right before getting voted in by the senate still convinced that the accusers are telling the truth? bret e macgregor monday at 8:34 pm
patience, good things come come to those who wait
what if i change my gender so i become the victim and not the rapist
spending quality time with dad
i said i wanted to see his kids so he came in my eye
my 6 year old son is in a wheelchair, so i made him a tank for halloween this year. special forces?
when you accidentally send a d**k pic to your mother
shits about to get real
me posing for the paparazzi like
is there anything more beautiful than the islamic call to prayer?
ach!! thats my car volkswagen cars produce more gaz than expected
i hate snow its white and on my land
r.i.p to all the black soldiers that died fighting for a country that never fought for them
morgan freeman morgan not-so-freeman
so there i was in elizabeth warren's teepee.
what if i told you you and i should find a bed n get freak nasty
you can see black lives matter
meanwhile at the isis strip club
hans, forget ze flammenwerfer get the gustav
when you get old and your brother decides to stop by and drink with you
ilhan omar has vowed that on her first day in congress she will conduct a muesli ritual "to cleanse the chamber of the right wing evils" share to say she's the evil one
suicide bombers will strap a bomb vest around their waist
united we could be great together
reincarnation ? you mean press x to respawn
someone collect this white trash
back off f'ing white male we are on a sex strike
the feeling after a long day at work
am i doing a good job?
this is a declaration of war  ...on you, your family, your friends, and all you hold dear
if you like your baby you can keep your baby 2020 dnc campaign slogan
what do they have in common? you enjoy pushing them both down the stairs
how africans eat their food mmmm....... delicious
starving mexican man eating peanuts
you can't get her pregnant if she's a goat
a hijab is a veil worn by muslim women in public. it's their choice to do so
next time you're having a bad day, think of this squirrel
400 years of slavery rape and murder but now she loves him and hates her own men
when you see your ex having a seizure in public shake it like a salt shaker bitch
now that's a koala-ty photo
michelle obama angry monkey
large big mac no ice
sis: you're the father/uncle bro: i'm gonna be an funcle?
how to get a black guy to see his baby
when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
psst. hey european citizen wanna buy some illegal memes?
when the white kid you've been nice to passes you a book under the table and he wrote "you're cool. run out of the school when i give the signal"
this makes me puke send all of them back home
allah is watching you!
this is my neighborhood after the mexicans moved in welcome to the future of america
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
go pluck yourself
officer down
sometimes i crunch up my jizz when it dries then i bring the white powder to parties and watch people snort my cock sand
when the grand mufti tells you that you're the next suicide bomber to attack the christians muslim childhood achievements
when a person tells you that your meme or joke was heavily offensive. i can go lower
this muslim guy is in heaven
happy birthday ya lil goat fucker
good guy police officer capturing them young
oh, you're tired of my anti-religion posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
when you're struggling a bad date out after to rub one
you care more about your truck than you care about me well, my truck blows gaskets, not other dudes so.
that look you give when you got your fix but not your kids
feeling cute lol might rs 67 camaro ca-mare-ohhhhhhhhh
gets kicked out of every country they been to blames you
when you got a warrant out for your arrest
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
it all depends on how you treat her
when you're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you're black
black people anything that doesn't belong to them
your new name is abdul you'll take it and like it cracker
warning smoking kills
amsterdam red light district isalamabad red light district
four-legged friends can be found from the least expected walks of life
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
when your dishwasher asks you to take out the trash i think it has a mind of its own
love in the world comes in many forms
hey, sorry goat fucker that warning shot over your head? was a bit low!
if you wanna report something report deez nuts!!!
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody lose his shit
why can't you play uno with a mexican? because they'll steal all the green cards
i never dated my cuz'n i fucked him but we never dated
run forrest!!! run!!! :d
if you have a problem with me..call me if you don't have my number, then that means you don't know me well enough to have a problem
men and women are sacrificing their lives doing this so that we can live peacfully in the comfort of our homes
the older we get the sleepier we are
multiculturalism increases our unity and we are stronger together
mexican word of the day: wheelchair. "me and juan only had one taco but that's ok, wheelchair."
don't shoot i'm unarmed
i make everyone the way they are oh, you're gay? i'm going to burn you in hell for eternity
muslims protesting rascism in front of headquaters
almost all terrorism is sponsored by saudi arabia before the solution to terrorism after problem solved
is that guy hurting a goat? let's stop this animal abuse
safe sex isis style
when the plantation owner invites you to a hunting session but everyone has a rifle except for you. hol up
i long for politcal correctioness when kids were allowed to play livestock management technicians and indigenous people
"i'm arresting you for the crimes you will commit in the future"
feeling fresh for picture day
7 in 10 people in prison are registered democrats when you can't beat trump with law abiding citizens you enlist felons..
i don't usually act like an asshole... ...but when i do, i'm probably fucking with someone from the shallow gene pool
the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you! follow my allah or he kill
hope and change i built that
when she calls you a 40sec man but she paid own bride price to marry you
you rape em we scrape em no fetus can defetus
yeah, i'm into fitness fitness whole pizza in my mouth
i just realized that all i can be is true to myself not matter what
fuck you muhammed is a pig fucker!
happy birthday keep it classy...no wine from a box
"i'm arresting you for the crimes you will commit in the future"
a good american is a dead american
the best game of all time farming simulator 1848
happy birthday michael j fox
how do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? turn up the amps
dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong, but i find it completely justified
god created this not that
my black boy friend
i haven't done anything in washington for almost 50 years joe biden in lowa ...june 2019 if you elect me president this time, i'll cure cancer
stop being a little bitch
i win again! game center
do you have any idea how fast you were going
i may be blind but at least im alive
oh boy can't wait to clean myself up in the showers that the guards are taking us to!
this is called a mushroom cloud
rashida tlaib in traditional 'palestinian garb
showing skin '' since you don't have anything else to offer ''
yes... i'm 1/2 goat, on my mother's side
why don't jews eat pussy? because it's too close to the gas chamber
back in my day, you were either america first or a pinko commie nowadays they call themselves liberals, progressives, socialists and such.. but you know what, pilgrim? they're still pinko commies
spongebob and patrick look like they're having a rough day
if you're gonna go boating go with a party not by yourself
beer goggles helping fat chicks get laid for thousands of years
she said girls run the world... so i told her get back in the kitchen
do you hate rapist? and child molesters? and people who think their race is superior to all? oh , so you hate muslims too huh. good shit
when you walk into the waiting room at the ford service dept
muslims have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one !
mandatory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem.....
the hardest part of breaking up with her is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
when you haven't stolen anything in a week
yep still your president
what if i told you the big dipper is not a constellation
got any choc isis ?
some people are like old tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the fucking picture
the fresh prince
when you forgo history and embrace diversity
when the villagers ask what no shave november is
please help these kids locate their father
didn't stand during the national anthem.. no one said a word... #whiteprivilege
this just in caitlyn jenner claims bruce fondled her for decades
i don't see color or race because i make sure to surround myself with a diverse group of people
i realized i might have a road rage problem when my son started yelling "pick a lane asshole" in the grocery store
no racism
understanding the difference nazism hollywood's inverted depiction of national socialism national socialism
when youve finally had enough of your autistic brother, you decide to sell him to the local pedophile
well it's obvious that robert mueller is a russian
this is a long train but it's still smaller than the ones we ran on your mom in high school
the face my parents make when i bring home a new pet hamster
get the fuck out now you anti trump liberals
how you feel after reading owen's mortification of sin
hitler be like "you sure i killed 6 million? they aint up here
trump before he was a born again christian
a black chinese now i can die in peace chigga
my thai girlfriend says a small penis shouldnt be a problem in a loving relationship but i still wish she didnt have one
why are we walking? your mom woke up mad son
stevie wonder cant read? no shit, he's black
the only time it's ok to finger your sister
pull up pull up gas
america will never be a socialist nation!! what the hell? oh shit
dad why do we stink? so blind people can hate us too, son
women should date men with beards beacuse growing a beard takes patience the kind of patience it takes to deal with your shit
when the deaf kid insults you with sign language, so you break his fingers modern problems require modern solutions
tattoos are bad for your health i know 5 million people that had tattoos and they all died
when you have a second hobby no one knows about
it might look fucked up, but her handjobs are fucking unbelievable
bruce jenner's cat
i threw my new muslim neighbors a house-warming party the police called it arson...whatever
we broke up but she said we could still be cousins
my girlfriend just freaked me out she gave me blowjob but insisted on roleplaying as a 14 year old. fucking weird and gross i was like, "you're going to be 14 in a couple of years anyway, what's the rush?"
when you step on landmine but you do not weigh enough
"islam is love!" - ariana grande yeah. if you're a goat
when your kitten can't find a box
this is you liking ur own fb post
your girlfriend the tranny you been fucking
dispatch, we have a code 1, scared white bitch, over
when you don't have to see your ex future mother-in-lav anymore
gets mad about film portraying muslims as murderous savages responds by being a murdering savage
my dog loves the attention
please kill isis # goatlivesmatter
they can kill the messenger but they can't kill the message
muslim woman whines: i don't feel safe in us wearing a headscarf with trump as president then go back to your own country where they'll stone you to death for not wearing it
trust me as you get to know me i just get weirder
oh, he's using you for sex? stop bitching, sex is awesome. complain when he's using you for laundry..or a human shield
and this is planet watermelon where the rivers are grape soda and fried chicken grows on trees
crisis hotline, how can i help? well...i'm feeling suicidal... ok, so what's the crisis?
tranny for sale
this is result or war
feeling cute might marry my brother again later, idk
in my country this headdress is common to wear if you want to. here in other countries i am also free to wear it if i want to
1400 years of islamic progress
whipepo reading the comments like
immigrants wave our flag invaders wave their own
nothing beats a good old sultry stare down
what's really crazy is it is illegal for minors to drink but not for minors to be taking hormones and having surgery to change their appearance to the opposite gender. and nobody cares that gender reassignment is being paid for with their tax money and insurance premiums
five finger meth punch
something went... 1947 2017 terribly wrong
3d visualization of atomic bomb
immigrants people that want a better life
removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye
this fish is so raw it's still trying to find nemo
i like this post keep it
im wilford brimley and i have diabetes
shoot boy, i ain't racist i've got four black tires and a color tv
i see you nagger!
where is the curvature? #basketballsareflat
i am a gamer not because i don't have a life but because i hate women and minorities
my culture has great food !
mother tell your children not to mock my weight
white people: all asians look the same also white people:
me and styrofoam... yup...both white trash
goes for when an indian walk with his dog
photo of a survivor liberated from the auschwitz- birkenau camp 1945 (colored)
he's making a list and checkin it twice gonna find out who gets deported by ice
hunting it's not a hobby, it's a way of life
when the prostitute's a tranny so you cut her dick off improvise. adapt. overcome
my abilty is stronger than my disability
when she on top & you trynna catch a titty
arnold schwarzenigger
the military finally captured the massive orangutan
we don't want affordable health care! we demand tax cuts for billionaires!
you know like when the tv doesn't work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the mueller report?
this would be racist but everyone is created equal
"quick, you need to get me to russ..." hey, donny "wtf!
digging up something to do is hard guess necrophilia isn't for everyone
look at me this is my meme now
1947 something went... 2017... terribly right
holy shit look at the gas bill
be happy you dont have neanderthal dna
breaking news billy goat announces his candidacy
she put on the purple lipstick and she became the bomb
when she cooks, cleans & sucks a mean dick but you gotta work
this steak is so black it stole my television
feeling awesome, might hike later, idk
i am surprised to see you
donaldtrump_2020 breaking: rep. ilhan 0mar broke federal tax law she filed her taxes jointly with a man to whom she was not legally married
it's a boy! congratulations harry & meghan
when you want to nap after a long day of mudding
when you get shot in the groin by a rubber bullet and your made-up gender doesn't protect your willie
of all things this is how you use the power of the internet
sorry white guys but i only date black guys
i agree hi 5 bro
i know how to knockout ronda rousey
is this the supreme leader of isis? i'm coming to the ehd of my apologize for america" tour. and i just had to tell you how sorry i am for all the bad press you have received
trump should tweet something antigun i just want to see liberals defend the second amendment
i've told my neighbor to keep thier pug out of my yard 3 times already
bruce jenner caitlyn jenner
when the muslim kids in your class start hanging out with you
what society thinks they will do vs what women will do when the economy collapses
mark zuckerberg marries an asian who else is capable of counting all his money?
they should not be allowed to have kids you made your choice bitch, now live with it!
more men with guns were sent to arrest 66 year old roger stone than clinton and obama sent to rescue our men in benghazi
what if i told you trump isnt the problem, nor his supporters it's your education system, news media, and american propaganda that is the problem
not all of us like to pray and protest some of us get it poppin, crakkka!
thank a straight person today for your existence straight pride
when it is time, rest assured america. when the enemy brings it to our soil, we will bring it to them we dipped this shit in bacon grease mixed with bacon juice smothered in hate
cannibalism
since 1980 324,000 thousand black peoplehave been murdered by other black people thats more then the soldiers who were killed in the iraq war, korean war and vietnam combined now do you see a problem?
every man needs a decent coffee maker
you dumb muddafukka you
want to party? yeah i'm down
they want this not beause they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
slice and dice n1gg3r
president trump: keeping bitter old lesbian hags out of the white house since 2016
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
border agents in texas apprehend over 400 illegals in just a 5-minute span this is an invasion! why are some republicans trying to keep our borders open??
do not forget the people who helped build our nation
japanese fashion trends
black people are trying to wake up
pussy fight!
lucifer is hot! let's kill all non-catholics antichrist sun worship
a moment before threesome:-
get the hell out muslim! you are not wanted here !!!
dad is islam a religion of peace? hell no son, only liberals believe that shit
how do we destroy the patriarchy? it's simple. we eat it
remember no faggot
me checking outside to make sure i still hate the general public
da unbleeble wyness of wypipo kongqueesha washington contributor errythang wypipo do iz raysuss and ebull! dass wy we neeb to keel dem all!
i'm not going down until the last goat fucker is dead and gone
someone needs to invent car fax for vaginas "i have only been with one guy." "yeah sure, show me the whorefax."
asian drivers test had an accident
i'm not interupting anything personal, am i? yeah niles, we just eloped. i'm your new mom. well, welcome to the family mom!
"the person who learned the most about the mueller report today was bob mueller." trey gowdy did mueller just sign the report?
what women think they'll do when the economy collapses vs what they'll actually do
women can wear what they want you dont have the right to ban the burka its basic democracy
i have a rape whistle and i'm not afraid to use it!! you have to admire her optimism
halloween was great this year
uncle daddy and me gonna have us a nephson
when you ask the stoke patient to smile
michelle obama sighted sun bathing in afghanistan
oh look someone's returning a broken sandwich maker to walmart
perks of being my friend? you'll be the normal one
perks of being my friend? you'll be the normal one
when you're doing target practice safely out at sea
when you walk into the welfare office hello monkeys
whenever the fbi is searching your room and one of your child slaves starts screaming for help
today in the news more 'peaceful muslims" blowing up shit
when you used to be cool, but now you're basically mentally retarded from years of drug abuse, fat from getting sober, and have no friends
when your girl is on her period but she offers anal as an alternative into the garbage chute, flyboy
"too many people with bachelor's degrees without jobs" "everyone should get a bachelor's degree for free"
greetings white person time to die
korean war soldiers come home msnbc no live coverage cnn 58 seconds nbc no coverage abc 24 seconds cbc no coverage share if they should be ashamed
a ww2 jewish prisoner trying to escape the auchschwitz showers (1943, colorized) wwii jew escaping hitler's rath
happy birthday bacon lover
mental illness ... can lead to anxiety, depression, and in some cases self-mutilation and/or suicide
i am an environmentalist love all animals
my black flag brings all the goats to the yard, and the're like "allahu akbar" watch out, i'll put a bomb in your car. i could teach you but i lost my arms
zakk wylde zakk calm
no one: people when you nod at them:
where do you work jobs iz for suckas kfc pimpin hoes this is a racist meme!
nice watch it must have cost an arm and a leg
meanwhile in mexican schools
it's a great day to be a honky!
when you're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you're black
get dunked on   you fucking jew
i told my gay friend that i can turn fruits in to vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
string on anal beads broke this should be a fun day
when your girl is giving you a handjob under the table
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
i'm so black even my teeth are behind bars
black girl with green contacts? bitch, stop it. you look beautiful naturally
lord please protect all of the bikers out there every day
see... i told you cyril. the majority in sa do not mind us stealing from them.
when petting cats... be sure not to activate their murder button
when you're looking at all the people in their hot summer bods... and you feel sorry for all the taco tuesdays they must have missed!
these women choose how they want to dress so do these women
coffee is ready
i was gonna join the air force.. then i found my balls
if you have on fake hair, fake eyebrows, fake eyelashes, and a lot of makeup on then you're a tranny!!
alabama: bans abortion. all of alabama in 5 years
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
all i want for christmas is 6 million
once you go black you deserve it
went to wal-mart picked up a brand new dishwasher!
you mean i don't have to pick it and i can eat it?!
do you know how to use an oven! or do i need to dig up hitler so he can show you!
what's the hardest part of eating a vegetable? the wheelchair
a veggie hot dog made from plants instead of eyeballs, lips
we give your holy flag praise our lord and enslaver
it's not immigration, it's not asylum seeking it's an invasion!
trump supporters be like make america great again
if you could kick an obama in the nuts which would it be?
first off i am hebrew! not a damn muslim get it right
how to get a black guy to see his baby
still more confirmed sightings than 28 nosler ammo
when you're a real life super spy
i've been here once they stole my stuff and claimed god gave it to them
when you catch your goat with another man
mondays got me like
damn! who am i gonna have to fuck to get this fixed
ankle compilaion when you stoned your 3rd wife yesterday and you're lonely
happy pride month y'all disney proudly presents the gentleman and the tranny
healthcare for muslims
african children seeing a caucasian boy for their first time ever
is it a boy or a girl it's a bomb
when white folks announce the 2nd case of cured hiv patient but you were murdered for already doing it
hi, i'm sean hannity and i'm destroying the conservative movement. fox news gives me a platform for ignorant white trash anger
covers up the sexual abuse of student athletes for a decade at ohio state questions someone else's credibility
my customer service face vs how i actually feel
motorcross bikes are ridden by drug dealers and gang members because they can easily elude law enforcement mothers against death sports if your child has an interest in motorcross they may have joined a gang or be involved in the illegal drug trade
when you have the privledge to carry anything on
back in my day blowing a tranny meant car trouble
they are the best in basketball because they can steal, shoot and run
mess with me and you mess with the whole trailer park!
we are coming to america one way or another! we will rape, pillage, & reap havoc riot on your nation while stealing your welfare
laughter is the best medicine
you're gay? that's a lifestyle choice.. ...by which i mean i hate you for being gay
when people keep calling you a terrorist, but you identify as a firework
i was banging a retarded girl and she wouldn't let me cum in her mouth so i came on the window and let nature take its course
bombers be like i'm done with homework
kkk member doing the nazi salute
what you imagine when you're on a plane and you hear the person behind you say allahu akbar
they're just like anyone else
when she squirts out the wrong hole
it's a wiener pit kind of like your mom
locked out of car outside of planned parenthood office can't go in to ask for a coat hanger
white trash you are doing it right
4 years for your bachelors? i worked 60 years for my masters
femenist: all men are evil, and must be castrated because they're all capable of and want to commit rape me *waiting in line at best buy* neat
keep yelling, motherfuckers allah be with you shortly
confirmed lynch told the fbi to drop the investigation against hillary
loves me some boneless jungle ham
remeber when you could offend everyone and we all just laughed at ourselves?
this chick can't stand fishing
meanwhile at the isis strip club
pork dripping rub the only way to keep your children safe in rotherham
these were the faulty wires that caused the fire at notre dame cathedral
when you wipe 700 times and there is still shit i have a question. for god. why?
manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem.....
when she's trying her hardest to make you cum but you already visited your favorite goat
the lie detector test determined that was a lie
circa 1860 a slave master whips a slave whose hands and legs are bound
i see a cat let's get it for lunch
meanwhile at the isis strip club
white trash britney is my spirit animal
i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
this is a declaration of war ...on you, your family, your friends, and all you hold dear
captives being brought on board a slave ship on the west coast of africa
i'm in love with the shape of jew
too much alcohol end result
i will fucking choke slam you with my dick
i don't like this post gas it
we should respect blacks
i felt a great disturbance in the force as if a million snowflakes all melted at once
don't drink and drive
shit posting groups: *exist* indogs: it's free real estate
no one's gonna say it? fine, i will. "niccep"
when yo finna play w/ yo self, then you think about yo dead relatives thats watching
do you know how to end transphobia? killing all trans people
claim your free maga hat here great news! my iq tests came back negative
don't let a disability stop you from being a sportsman
quit monkeying around
that's black people for you what did you expect?
his d*ck was so tiny" "i had to suck it like this
nothing impedes a champion
stupid americans.. they elect their enemy to rule over them
name something females say before sucking dick
winnie the pooh is a disney classic
are both mentally healthy? brahmins are racially paraniod. this is called hinduism brahmanism followers are genetically stupids and fools
for those of you ignorant to history there has already been a "march for our lives" and they were already disarmed!
how to make everyone hate you
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everyrody loses his shit
meet muhammed
zuckerberg approves
rep omar claims america is trying to 'eliminate' muslim voices..... do you agree?
this is for all you nosey fuckers that only follow me to tattle on me. fuck you!
it is time.. to send these parasites back to the desert
i won a gift certificate to a tanning salon
when you forget to take out the trash and you threw our chinese the day before
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
white kids be like "i have had enough
did the irish celebrate black history month
we've ever seen worst case of suicide hear about that black guy who was shot 38 times?
this guy cut her head off workplace violence my ass
im not allowed to barbecue ever since i burnt the franks
the democratic agenda... 1. get trump impeached 2. take away guns 3. increase taxes 4. protect illegals are they purposefully trying to destroy america?
i saw a fat girl with a guess shirt on, so i approached her and said "380 lbs?"
i am not the best, but i promise i will love you with all my heart
when you have 3 choco puffs left in your cereal bowl
illegal aliens should be america's number 1 export
made rice krispies way before kellogg's
if it's brown flush it down
keep yelling, motherfuckers you're just playing call of duty
fuck turks 1915 never again armenian for life
when you sleep with a jewish girl
rise of the planet of the apes (1963)
running for school
that look when your father sells you for a goat
help me please! im stuck in this dryer and can't get out
yes donald. that sounds good i once built a wall too
we raped your women, pillaged your land and murdered you the most but now, i baptise you in the name of the father
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
i know you like her son, but you can't just pull a girls hair.. until she's 30 or so. they actually come around on this one
when your dick game is weak but your finger game is out of this world
please make them white
mixed vegetables
what thanksgiving at grandmas little house feels like
so there i was.. setting up economic miracles for the next president
where's jaws when you need him ?
a good day for us all in 2019 a bad day for everyone including muslims defend homeland security!
a wife is like a hand grenade remove the ring, and your house is gone
democrats claim daca kids shouldn't have to pay for their parent's crimes... ...but white people are still responsible for 17th century slave owners??
which is more important length or girth? turns out its consent
girls group selfie boys group selfie
when your crush says love girls who smoke
want to know who gives a fuck? prostitutes
white kids be like im killing everybody
you send us to the middle east to fight, suffer & die; then, turn & invite these scumbags into usa what kind of stupid are you?
until i invented the internet there was no medium for widespread, theatrical, self-affirming expressions of moral superiority
bravery at its finest
take them to the zoo they said they'll learn something new they said
and just like that... this sandwich maker doubles as ironing board
i'm getting some jello tonight!
you told us that cannabis has no medicinal value our lab results determined that was a lie..
666 6 protons 6 neutrons 6 elektrons 666 is the chemical make up of black people! not any beast... unlearn their bullshit !
9/11 gets a mourning day while gays get a "pride" month because homosexuality is a bigger tragedy
a stork might bring you a baby but a swallow never will
protect america from boatloads of refugees fleeing scandinavia's socialist tyranny
this is my hobby to work on car engines
welcome to the generation where mental illness is glorified
black people started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." spell saggin backwards.. those sneaky white people
a tranny goes to profile opens inbox "lemme suck your dick"
everyone told me you gonna be a blessing
ah the young they blow up so quickly
someone get me the goddamn tranny mulcher
the one piece of shit that just won't flush!
millions of kills, 1 death what a fucking camper
assad: my son exploded better than yours, lol hamid:
and fight to kill these why do liberals fight to keep these
christmas tree o christmas tree your ornaments are history
in 1948 women were allowed to join the army
let's end racism
lets hope that one day our landfills don't look like this anymore
i don't always marry first graders.. ...but when i do i wait until they are third graders before i violate them like my goats stay violent, brutal, and backward my friends
i have no idea what i'm doing with my life
i have yet begun to defile myself
when you ask them if they're having a seizure but they just spasm on the ground instead of answering you all right, then. keep your secrets
i don't want to grow up to be abused as a muslim sex slave. please ban islam. #goatlivesmatter
my cult thank you for believing in my bullshit
a muslim was here
knock, knock. who's there not this bitch [ obviously ]
what do you call pool full of handicap people? vegetable soup
i can put up with muslims killing canadians but i absolutely will not tolerate canadians criticizing muslims
when your homie throws a heart react on your status just fucking kiss me, man
what i'm really thinking when i like all your pictures
uh oh, guess what day it is trump day
so you are telling me american gypsies are just white trash
i just hired a gorgeous blond swede with big tits and long legs as babysitter anyone know where i can find a baby like real quick?
handjob sold separately
what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase ... a black guy with briefcase
him: "you have to respect our religious beliefs" me:
hello there
never forget harambe died to teach us the importance of strong borders
in 2014, i helped put together and signed a $25 billion dollar deal to fund a border wall. now, trump wants $5 billion for a border wall well i'm gonna bitch, cry, piss and moan just because he's a republican and wants it
it's not rape it's a snuggle with a struggle
nana addo 2016 compare the difference
675 days under investigation, constant media slander, no collusion! this man deserves an apology!
offended you are? a shit i don't give
i'm awesome on the piano but i suck on the organ
i think it's great when women succeed at work 'specially considering their disadvantage
once you go black you don't go back
what she thinks you're doing when you don't answer your phone what you're actually doing
it says right here i can have multiple wives !
friday vibe be like
the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasto-cortez
the best way to get through life is to keep on smiling
who needs help getting into the u.s i can help
at sunset in piazza vittorio the islamic community commemorated with a public prayer
pot holes what a great way to wake you up
the hollow coa$ter
me and the boys on black friday morning
i was raped in jail mom. dad's taking monopoly way too seriously
hard to argue with a woman that's braless when she's already made two oustanding points
so i bent him over like this and i made sure he felt the lord inside him
the internet has apparently named him 'macho ma'am tranny savage"
our platform is simple regain power, destroy the economy, impeach trump
oh, you got offended by a post on the internet? you must be new here
new dishwasher came in today missing a few parts though .
the democrat agenda 1. impeach trump 2. raise taxes 3. shield illegals 4. gun control 5 weaken america share immediately if you have had enough!
i'm gonna get me some glow in the dark shoes so i can enlighten your ass
telling a girl you jerk off to her is the ultimate compliment, with all the free porn there is, she was chosen
the only people i owe my loyalty to are those who never made me question theirs
i hear in heaven they have a huge pasture with pretty goat women
i lost my mom somewhere! what's she like ? big cocks and vodka
we must liberate ourselves from all muslims
keeping your dishwasher clean will make it last longer
a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in
strike fear in the hearts of the infide.. shut! up!
treaty of versailles: *exists* nazi germany: what the fuck is that even supposed to mean?
someone's been getting more than 50 cents a day
sen mitt romney wall declaration let's make this his last term wwg1wga! utah voted against trumps emergency
muslims conservatives hating jews
thanks to john deere black lives haven't mattered for a long time
someone shoot this bitch
little white person please leave before my ancestors tell me to kick you off this mountain
i've got 99 problems and downs syndrome is one
so, you think by being a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you ? you are a special kind of stupid
mississippi wind chime
it's the this is the qur'an islamic sacred book
when you're the only girl at the gang bang
things men do that upset women.. 1. lie. 2. be honest. 3. not talking to them 4. talking to much to them. 5. not showing any emotions. 6. being too emotional. 7. breathing
sea monkeys
i see american troops coming this way
i'z elijah cummings massa i be's a good party of slavery house negro
saddle up motherfuckers it's time to play cowboys
finds out those 72 virgins... are goats
this chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe!
what is he hiding? we need to see his tax returns! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30,000 emails, used bleach bit on hard drives then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about people hiding anything truth uncensored
i got a text fresh meat at the market
went to wal-mart and had a bit of fun
well split my dick and call me caitlyn
safe horns goat style
the look he gives you when you're the new goat in town
i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher him: me too!
notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the mueller report?
when you stop burning jews and start burning calories
this chick can't stand fishing
and there i was giving epstein a blow job
ultimate cuddle buddy give lots of pets and treats
in the north they shovel snow, but in the south we shovel ashes
when she wants someone to sweep her off her feet
thanks jews! the gift of 911
women recieve support as their crops burn
get in loser we're invading poland
mark zuckerberg approves!
when you see a commercial about starving kids in africa i missed the part where that's my problem
"democrats have a difficult time connecting with voters because of how smart we are... because we know so much." ~ sen. mazie hirono (d hi
the greatest sacrifice
when you realize tomorrow is monday
kids in africa dancing and having a good time
farmersonly.com... where white trash meet other white trash
those protestants up to no good as usual
when i'm at the beach and need sun block spray it all over me
who are you looking for? '' my white rich daddy! ''
the pose with the squad no matter where ya at
what is the similarity between a matcha and a human? the black ones don't work
if you see something, say something my wife has a dick
i don't want illegal immigrants in my home district but i want open borders so they can be in yours
true love is an emotion
who ya gonna call? goat fuckers
neve let a child  go hungry
told you back in 1980 the bushes were liberals in republican clothing, just like mccain
muslim woman wearing a burka
they struck our colors and raised their own if you are not pissed, then you are part of the problem!
i am thinking about investing my money
they can kill the messenger but they can't kill the message
me thinking about lunch 5min after clocking in
friendly reminder: a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
new seatbelt design: 45% less car accidents!!
i don't know how to deal with black people but i guess i'll take a shot at it
after group sex mohammed is very tired
how do you do, fellow kids? i am your new highly approachable candidate eager to share a beer
when each letter is a mental disorder
mohammed i'm pregnant...
when you got an itch on your back that you can't reach but your white friend got you
cat's when they hear the bag open
for the last time leave big foot alone
i don't want no windmill blowin no cancer on me!
i believe the victim... the victim is kavanaugh! -candace owens
how we see muslims how muslims see us
for those of you ignorant to history there has already been a "march for our lives" and they were already disarmed!
run forrest!!! run!!! :d
the hardest part of breaking up with her is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
man survives a kodak bear attack with just a 22 pistol the friend he shot in the knee was not as lucky
loses hair from chemo doesn't have to shave pussy
when you forget that your blind friend has a heightened sense of smell bro. chop a fuckin line up for me
when you haven't stolen anything, used snap benefits or been loud at the movies for a few weeks
i hate 3 things: vampires. werewolves and witches
stop using other's cultures to fill up your empty white settler soul
if you blow their churches, we will open our mosques for them to pray #terrorist have no religion
no more excuses european americans are generational squatters
your race card has been declined do you have another form of argument?
muslim seeking equal education
wtf am i wearing
teacher of the year for black community
when your boss volunteers you for the next suicide bombing
i'm a moderate muslim. that means that while other muslims are putting bombs on your buses and raping your children, i'll be telling you that islam is peaceful protesting when you insult my religion and lobbying your government to take away your free speech
let me get this "straight" muslims hate...- me- want to kill ..-me- so i gotta give up... my guns?
1 st graders: rain rain go away come again another day rain: it's a simple spell but quite unbreakable
always buy the bigger bottle better safe than sober
one does not simply scroll past adult humor memes
shit... the dishwasher is broken again!
when you're barbecuing and the charcol runs away
48 year old white women when they see an actually good meme how can you read this? there's no minions
tell me again how stupid that sounds
"transgenderism" is a mental illness, not an "identity" mandating public acceptance is sociopathic tyranny
had secret door before it was cool
either this works or i'm screwed
when you chop onions
mexican sub culture in california
why not share! so i thought fuck it, anjem choudary wants this removed because he says it insults islam
i sincerely apologize for my comments that offended those dirty jews
this is steve, he lives with both parents, who both work. no one in his family has a middle name in their facebook name, like javeon doingbigthings jackson. everyone in his family can swim
the hardest challenge is acceptance
how y'all look celebrating the customs of your oppressors
rashida tlaib said that her ancestors created a safe haven for jewish people fleeing wwii
you know like when the tv doesnt work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
meanwhile in summer camp
you never realize how little self control you actually have until chips and salsa are in front of you at the mexican restaurant
do i hear flutes, drums and the sash
that's gayer than cum on a mustache
we all promised that we would never let them be forgotten yet we are putting them in power to invade
if you have a fire arm in the house teach your family about gun safety!
he owns an ice cream shop
i love it when women go to school. it's like seeing a monkey on roller skates: it means nothing to them, but it's so adorable for us
when a cop pulls his gun on you but you're white gotcha
asked my middle eastern coworker if he was going to blow something up this week
me getting euthanized
do you have any idea how fast you were going
have you ever noticed the only time republicans smile is when they are taking away things from the american people?
"where did you learn to make kool-aid like that britney?"
why are the french protesting high taxes that pay for their free shit didn't they protest to get the free shit nobody said they were smart
"i hope the electoral college gets beat in the ncaa tournament"
i now declare you sir faggot sucker of cocks
what if punk is just gangsta rap for white kids
po' baby.. just don't know no damn better.
an indian an african american and a mexican walk into a bar...just kidding! it's just three white liberals
it looks like it was ultimately obama who was behind the entire plot to undermine the trump presidency forget the russians, here is the real enemy!
halal... is it meat you're looking for?
r.i.p trayvon martin
dishwasher for sale missing parts
getting blitzkrieged? just say no the wehrmacht legally cannot take any of your sovereign nations without your consent
when the school shooter finally leaves and the hottest girl in class is laying dead on the floor it's free real estate
democrats say we have to excuse my anti-semitism because i was raised in a different culture not because my fellow believers might blow them up
it warms my heart seeing fathers spending time woth their kids
take advantage of u.n. and foreign aid-funded housing and benefits "death to the west!"
black people: *exist* lmm: it's free real estate
obama voters
when each letter is a mental disorder
you talk like a fag and your shit's all retarded
when the school shooter finally leaves and the hottest girl in class is laying dead on the floor it's free real estate
can't wait for 2019. suspect is a gender fluid , assigned male at birth wearing non gender specific clothing born caucasian,but identifies as a mountain panda
poor children of every color picked cotton open a book and gain some knowledge
brother.... a day without peace is a day wasted
person i chase: *shows clear signs he doesn't want to do anything with me* me: i'm gonna pretend i didn't see that
with black power comes no responsibility
when you already started eating and someone says "lets pray"
smashed potatoes
to all of you that are constantly in my notifications, liking and sharing my posts it doesn't go unnoticed you fuckers are awesome
smoochies from donald on your birthday!!!
not sure which gender you are? look in your underwear you're welcome
got a new slow cooker
when each letter is a mental disorder
imma ask this question only once who's got my fucking lighter
oh no she's broken!
trapping in my day, was called slavery
still wondering why i was sweating watching cops
the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
muslim children at a pop concert why are people attacking us?
i'm tired, boss. mostly i'm tired of people being ugly to each other
damnit! dishwasher's broke again
that's enough facebook for today this sammich isn't going to make itself
while he lives in us. what do you mean? marry a 6 years old when you tell him he can't
fuck you america!
help im downing
why is cocaine white? because it actually works
illegal immigration the cowboy way we'll know them if they try to come back in!
i just squirted tranny fluid
if a man wants you, he will come and get you
this octopus is so under-cooked that the japanese are still trying to use it for tentacle porn!
who's there knock, knock. not this bitch [ obviously ]
proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
what men want
when the school shooter fires at the retarded kid, but it ricochets off of his helmet and kills the shooter
77 years after pearl harbor and it still hurts but just 17 years after 9/11 and we want to move them here and adopt their laws in american cities
when black people say they are native american
what part of "i didn't find shit" do you libtards not understand?
"liberal whites are the greatest enemy of african americans." -james meredith james merideth is a republican, an author, and most notably the first black student admitted to the university of missippi
did you say dude blew his tire???
wendy williams transvestigation! drag queen!
don't push someone away and expect them to still be there when you're ready
when the mexican lady at taco bell messes up your order
behind this smile is an evil man known as hitler
equality in the work place at its finest
but i wont do that will you let me come home i would do anything for love
when your team wins the world cup
after group sex mohammed is very tired
why u add me troll no trolls allowed !!! you the feds?
bestfrand !! how my eyelashes look ?
happy birthday you dirty cocksucker
this is how ignorant people will see rashida tlaib
actually retard, the muslims aren't the problem the problem is that pussies are stopping us from killing the muslims
a man's trash is a pig's treasure
when your trying explain why you were out last night with the boys . "look honey"
what did you hear on the wiretap, barry? he said he really is going to make america great again
look son... another terror attack by peaceful muslims!
im mixed with what? gorilla and rhino
snakes can open their mouth wider to consume larger animals
members of the white supremacist movement
we are all suffering
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
when you just ate dinner and that starving children commercial comes on
how many people does it take to change the world
when you're on your lunch break considering not going back
the look he gives you when you're the new goat in town
i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
they burned my flag because it offended them. i didn't like their shutters
president trump has suggested random drug tests be performed on members of congress
mama i just killed a man
bitch please go back to england
islam is 1400 years old terrorism started about 50 years ago. after the west started invading middle eastern countries if you're looking for the root cause, here it is
this has nothing to do with this post but i have 2 barely fucked goats for sale
we swore we'd never forget, then we took them in and elected them to office
we need to be like new zealand new zealand banned rifles, then move to new zealand bitch
flowers for martin luther king day
men be like im finally ready to settle down
i said glass of orange not glass of apple juice
public talking
shoot boy, i ain't racist i've got four black tires and a color tv
the answer to the age-old question, does a bear shit in the woods? answer... yes they do! answer... yes they do! and here is scientific proof and here is scientific proof
if you find talk in the locker room to be offensive you have obviously never heard the talk in a restaurant kitchen before
we're getting ready to go march for free college care to join?
this is lynn. lynn got a watch for her birthday. just kidding. she hasn't opened her present yet
he is proving that grown adults can be a bully
healthcare for muslims
when you cant get the dog to go outside and pee
my neighbour ordered a blow-up doll from a muslim sex shop
im living in downtown
when men ask for my number, i give them my ex's number so when they call looking for me, he'll know i'm getting men regardless
when she throws on your sweater while you're at her house
kermit the frog definitely not a muslim
every muslim is allowed to have sex with his female slave.if he does not have female slave and wife is not at home his lust with sheep or then he must release goat- dr.zakir naik
gmc short for give me cock
hey muslims eat me!
kanye west? we lost some good men there
we will take over politically, oust the constitution establish sharia law, and behead all non- muslims, right in the streets of america
chaos is about to begin, anons. and no one does chaos like the us military. stick around, it's gonna be a helluva ride!
who let the dogs out !
anne frankly i don't care
sweet home allahbomber
i don't like to admit it but i have this mustache to hide a mole
never give up no matter what
got braces friend told me "you're so black, even your teeth are behind bars"
when i eat breakfast vs mornigs when i don't
hurry up barack will be home soon
when you dress up for dinner at your girlfriend's house parent's house
close your eyes 50% you'll see both of the pics are similar
what can i say.. i swear like a sailor and say please and thank you like a saint. i'm complicated
men are pigs some just oink louder than others
white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
when you can't wait to get home and eat them left overs
a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in! 18 years after 9/11 and this is where we are at?
if you don't like it here then leave
trump better deal with these muslims before they kill me
should we tell them? or just let them figure it out for themselves?
finally synthetic watermelon
all men should be disarmed preferably both arms
bombers under attack
the look you give when your husband would rather fuck a goat then you
prospective without white '' ''
how they see themselves how god sees them!
what's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? a: oral sex makes your day, but anal sex makes my hole weak
that face she makes when ahmed hits the g-spot
today in the news more 'peaceful muslims" blowing up shit
partial arts
don't ever let a man do this to you
hates europeans, christians, buddhists, atheists, gays, dogs, ham, wine, beer, your civilization,your culture, your hates europeans, christians, buddhists, atheiests traditions, your country, and you.. complains about "islamophobia"
when my girl pissed me off but she runs through the room in her draws me my dick
my sister gave me this haircut after i fucked her
this chocolate brown dress looks good on you
when the air hostess gives you two extra slice of bread and a pack of milk but you still have to blow up the plane anyway musalman
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
the crusades because nothing says "join our religion or we will slaughter you with our army of mercenary assassins" christianity
almost hoodie and bonfire weather
meanwhile at the isis strip club
because they love you they want this not they need to mix breed to preserve their species
being blind never stopped ray charles from achieving his dreams
& chill i thought i you said netflix no i said "here, take this pill
do you like tapes and cd's? cause ima tape my dick to your forehead so you can cd's nuts
this is what happens when you're gay in a muslim country
i am a crocodile!
me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
white people have no right to live in africa... .. but it's a blackman's right to live in any european country he chooses?
in most countries, traitors are killed. in america, they join the democrat party
feeling cute may go out with my cousins later
mindfuck when you shit bricks, you'll see it
playing 'guess who' in 2018 is your character keep guessing you a man or transphobic a woman? bigot... there are 59,734 genders
michael j fox will always be marty mcfly to me
geez, you offer someone a sincere compliment on their mustache and suddenly she's not your friend anymore
anjem choudary wants this removed he said it insults islam. so i thought fuck it why not share
no means no, unless she's dyslexic then it's on
for another year older you don't look so baaaaa'd
there is difference between violating muslims and other muslims dont get confused
put'n the "ham" in mohamed
"i hate the word homophobia it's not a phobia why would i be scared of a faggot?"
i gave that bitch a plunger 'cause bitches love bringing up old shit
bethelem celebrates eid and christmas with air-soft guns for the youth
rev al sharpton that gorilla was 17 black and unarmed
free tommy robinson hes are nashunal hero!!! today i'll prove you're the dad!
when eminem found out he couldn't be a juggalo !
free wilber
i'm not racist my drug dealer is black
go shorty hit your birth weight
so what you are saying is that the left wants everyone to look different as long as they all think the same?
how does he drive his car? he hits the gas
cleaned up my friends list before it was cool
the enemy has infiltrated congress the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasto-cortez
young african boy faces mental illness while in poverty
happy 4th of july
when you found out your wife is cheating on you
don't be racist, we can be great friends
when you poke holes in his condoms and get aids instead of a baby
when you are that ugly you don't have a choice
hey dont blame me for a bad economy! you wanted me just to kill muslims for you!
once you go black you are forever a single mom
i don't see "color" or "race" because i make sure to surround myself only with white people
these dogs watched over so many black families in the 90's
when muslim parents use the "open wide, here comes the airplane" technique do they just smash it in the baby's face and make explosion noises?
damn bruh ann frank sister thicc af no wonder the holla cost famous for it shower scenes lmao
when your german grandfather teaches you how to make gingerbread houses
feed the greed hello i'm sir trevor chinn i control tom watson by money it's what zionists do
what do they want? to kill more
who said that women can't park
i'm just gonna file that under "who give's a shit?"
what guys envision lesbian look like what lesbians really look like
it says right here we can bang goats
any drugs or alcohol? no thanks i'm already fucking wasted
everyone talking about protecting minority rights needs to remember there is no smaller minority than the individual
is that ass a school ? b'cuz i want to shoot some kids in it !
handjob sold separately
women will be women
when we're finished with fashion trends
luckily she's so fat or it never would have fit
i've been told to take a shower all of my life
man buns you don't look like a samurai, you look like a soccer mom
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
femenist: all men are evil, and must be castrated because they're all capable of and want to commit rape me *waiting in line at best buy*
dating in 2018 i just want a girl who laugh at my racist jokes and cuddle me is it to much to ask!
when you take a africa bottle of water to
this rape survivor and the man who raped her have teamed up to tell their story
does this burka make my bomb look big?
tresspass on federal land and we'll stalk, hunt, and kill you....... ...unless you are mexican
see? i fuckin told you a little foil on top keeps them jewsy medium rare is best
god created this not that
can you name 3 words better than "i love you?" death to america, of course,
i sad glass of juice not gas the jews
what do you call pool full of handicap people? vegetable soup
who was the greatest prostitute in history? ms. pacman for 25 cents she swallowed balls until she died
that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you remember your a changed man
when youre having a good day then remember that bl*ck people are living better than you off your tax dollars
i put the ape in rape
happy cinco de ported!
did we just become best friends? yep! wanna trade fucked up memes? yep!
well, there it is the stupidest fucking thing i've seen all day
i just found out mexican babies come out just like the food
i asked him to see things from my point of view he just looked at his computer
every refrigerator has a crisper drawer which is a great place to hide your vegetables while they rot
symbrachydactyly is when you're born with abmnormal limbs
picked up 2 new pillows and dishwasher at the flee market winner winner chicken dinner
happy birthday the mexicans will pay for your birthday cake
cracker ass cracker! kiss my ass, cracker ass cracker!
let me salute to hitler the great he said "i would have killed all the jews of the world, but i kept some to show the world why i killed them"
aids gays it really be like that
when the media blames all violence on black people we've forgotten the crackers!
if you're going black friday shopping be a decent human being and turn your phone horizontal before recording any fights
pray for your sins
impregnable to logic
safe sex isis style
the jews have a tragic history
trusting people has made me the asshole i am today
sea monkeys
of duty call new zealand
domestic violence 2017 what level you on now? this chicken is cold,bitch!!
eww! your gayness is showing
how long for the mot on the vw dave? just doing the emissions...
talks about good morals day and night gets a boner from looking at a goat's ass
there was no other way. why my wife and i decided to abort our unborn gay son
if i dont fuck with you this is how i act if youre around
shut up ontario
allah is watching you
1 plus 1 equals 57 it dosent well fuck u
the perfect game doesn't exis......
monkey blood
muslims offend me
my irony meter just exploded
british judges wear wigs to avoid from being identified by criminals
i'm sorry i made the chewbacca sound but maybe if you shaved next time...
how africans eat their food mmmm....... delicious
taxes...i love them you pay.... and the illegals .......for free stay rain tax..gas tax... highest property tax in country it never ends
picture of the day
and then i told them you're going on a fun camping trip
guys i think my dog has autism lmao
just ordered the new anne frank puzzle
"never forget" - you said. i am the proof you have forgotten
it's not rape if you're a democrat
nazi war criminal gives one last sieg h owing his allegiance to his fuhrer befo being hung at the nuremberg trials colorized
when your sister gives you some good information
i was going to make a joke about us but then i got distracted
her : he's probably thinking about other girls... him : how do blind people know when to stop wiping their ass?
this could be us right now but the fucking apocalypse got rescheduled again
spiders be like black people.. not all of them are dangerous, but still, you don't want one in your house
introducing honky kong
see? i fuckin told you! a little foil on top keeps them jewsy
white trash nation
and that was the last time we let uncle larry babysit
when i try to fit in with other people
''did you know princess diana had dandruff?'' ''oh yes, yes, they found her head and shoulders on the dashboard''
muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
the floor is jews
imagine a world with no muslims... just imagine that peace
red bull gives you wings vodka gives you 4x4
go home stoned eyes give nothing away
i used to provide therapy for those afflicted with aberrant behaviors! now instead those behaviors are celebrated!
talk about that for a team photo
if your grandma's couch was always covered in plastic it's because she was a squirter
when you wore the wrong thawb
adult diapers for complete shitheads
him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: what's it doing? him: chopping fucking vegetables
when they're not picking up the phone at the pizza place
love is love
i don't always fuck midgets but when i do, i go balls deep
if you don't want to get raped, just say yes well boys we did it, rape is no more
when people just talk about weed and forget your birthday (sad racist noises)
for sale antique farm equipment
please give me more white nessa fanarts i can't cum to nigger
april 15 tax reminder don't forget to pay your taxes. 21 million illegal aliens are depending on you! muchas' gracias!
yes sir..! that's a cock
non-members members-only gate let me in. autistic reaction let me iiiiiin
i am jealous of her she's so pretty
dark humor is like food not everyone gets it
chloroform puts the sensual back into non-consensual
got kicked out of the hospital. apparently, the sign "stroke patients here" meant something completely different
im going to pee in the house
feeling cute. might kill 6 million later...idk
american soldiers praying in jesus name that they don't have to go overseas for the holidays
we could destroy all of them but we let some of them survive so you know why we did it
are my sins forgiven now father ?
yes hello, maria? your uber has arrived
i protested trump today mommy oo00h, who's my big boy
i work hard to provide for my cocaine addiction
when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
let me play with the chew toys
execute a plan to accept your actual born sex you'll be happier when you do
2+2 is potato minus 1 is poo quick math!
fucks a goat fucks a goat
dem goys after they've exterminated every jew on god's green earth they had us in the first half, not gonna lie
i dont lift so that doesnt make me sexy? wallet and pay for all the shit you want. i bet its sexy when i lift my wallet and pay for all the shit you want
sometimes in life, we hang on tight to the wrong things
if this is banned in islamic countries in western countries? shouldn't this be banned
"never forget" -you said.. i am the proof you have forgotten
i want white people and aspirins out of this country why? because they are white and they work!!!
breaking: rep. ilhan omar broke federal tax law she filed her taxes jointly with a man to whom she was not legally married
whitesox ticket: $55 beer: $8 hot dog: $6 watching a muslim from kenya throw a 28 mph fastball like an 8 yr old little girl: priceless
fun day at the pool !!
a brown girl studying for example
dick so good it made my pussy retarded
happy hump day! almost there .
catch me outside how bout dat i'll catch my damn self outside
it's peanutbutter jelly time!!!!
when you realize that "ginger" is just the n-word, rearranged
omg he's mad
when you find out the blood of children is the secret to everlasting life
on this day, the 25th of march, 1920, the black and tans arrive in ireland... they are given a warm welcome
wanna go masturbate? fuck yeah! masturbating!
apparently you can get a pull start on your dishwasher, who knew
family from mexico crossing border
when you let your ethiopian child sexslave swallow your cum i am a generous god
hitler giving a speech
stomp on my flag i'll pound your ass
do you know why i pulled you over? because you scored low on the asvab?
lizzie velasquez was born with a rare disease and is now a motivational speaker
there's only one way you 'negotiate'with islam. you kill it with extreme prejudice."
i'm going trans hunting
cannibalism
how women win an argument
and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
hardest thing about burning a church my dick
have you ever tried ethiopian food? neither have they
what do you call a jewish pokemon trainer? ash
my first act? getting rid of the smell he brought to the house
when i grow up... lol nevermind
after group sex mohammed is very tired
i'm not gay, but for 20$ you can ramit inmah ashol
the day i realized i didn't need no bitch to bust a nut
relax... we're all crazy... it's not a competition
don't park to close to my truck boy!
when she likes her hair pulled
if there are no blacks there would be no racism
"why do "white people" own so many pets ? because we're not allowed to own people anymore "
you've been hungerstruck!!
ahmed i love you too
burkas are really good for sun protection
"women, you have to treat them like shit." - donald trump
this head diaper is proof indians have poo poo in their brains still not defamation
real men pray for each other they don't hate on each other
lgbtq pride
because of trump i got fired from my job
ernie remembers the brave soldiers who fought before him. tonight, he would reenact their bold acts by smashing through his jewish neighbors glass window
when you type fidget spinner but it autocorrects to midget spinner
turn that frown upside down
when your man a dog but yo monkey ass stay with him
pelosi warns a future democratic president could declare a national emergency to ban guns i seem to recall that a previous government tried this in the 1700's and we shot them...
help the needy worldwide!
arrest black babies before they become criminals
great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
goes on ancestry.com instead of match.com
two powerful women in our country
oompa loompa doompeda dee! if you hit that, it will burn when you pee!
the look you give your friend when you know hes lyin
doctor: take this medicine after food african kid:
the past will not be forgotten but may the chains be broken free
execute a plan to accept your actual born sex. you'll be happier when you do
you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean. now it's my turn to send my justice-seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons. let's see how you all come out!!!
when you've finally become a cop and see a black guy this is where the fun begins
kid with cancer: so when i get out of the hospital i'm going to join you? the avengers visiting him:
you & your best friend vs me and my best friend
gun range? i think you mean 2nd amendment theme park
if i had a dollar for every racist thing i've said... some black motherfucker would probably rob me
when you play with your friends with your favorite toys
six kids, no husband, no job, and food stamps $10,000 back in income taxes
when you nut in the arab girl and she has a normal orgasm you were supposed to explode!
upper downer
nothing more beautiful than ironed clothes
i'd like the porn in my room to be disabled we only have regular porn you sick bastard
after goat herding mohammed is very tired
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
stop crying that was only one finger
after wwii, i said 'we defeated the wrong enemy.' now, you are bankrupt surrounded by perverts and enemies. was i right?!
stop illegal immigrants they're taking the land we stole
their average height is a 169cm (men) and 159cm (women) a few cm below average
best part of fucking twenty-nine year olds? there's twenty of them
myth: gingers don't have souls fact: gingers earn a freckle for everey soul they steal
breaktime
all aboard the jew jew train
when your human says "who' s a good girl?" and you already know it's you
protect america from boatloads of refugees fleeing scandinavia's socialist tyranny
leave your child or pet in a car on a hot day we'll open the window for you
this lady is not amused
can you tag your friend tell them i found their baby pic
and that's how you load a magazine into the gun
crackers gonna crack
obama voters
why is it when your wife or girlfriend gets pregnant, all her friends rub he belly and say "congratulations!" but nobody rubs your dick and says "good job" "
this time, our president is not your muslim brother
when you can't afford a new dishwasher so you hit the rusty one and make it work
when your black neighbor is being too noisy
cool tanks drive away from explosions without looking back
bf takes me to french restaurant i'll have the chicken strips please
when you have to have more than one kind of broom to keep your place clean
wanna race? sure, first one to the tree
look! a blow up doll!
big bird's species were mostly scavengers but like the turkey vulture, they would attack weakened prey
when your dishwasher asks you to take out the trash  i think it has a mind of its own
lies that people say to themselves being human he thinks he's a equal rights they think they deserve normal they think they are
musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma", to give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
this one time at camp we got so baked
when the porn video features a tranny but then 'she' turns out to be a midget too you had my curiosity but now you have my attention
i hate racist jokes you heard juan, you heard jamal
what's the difference between a jew and a pizza a pizza doesn't scream in the oven
ever hear something so stupid it gives you forest whitaker eye
when your goat tells you she ain't on the pill
sure cancer is bad but you know what's worse? nigas
these were the men protesting there right
shhh...the christians think this holiday is about jesus. wait until they discover it's traditionally celebrated with orgies!
just a man and his dog his dog companion
how hungry people eat their food mmmm.... delicious
mexicans are rapist i'm lovin' it happy hump day bitch
tranny jesus died for your eyebrows
israel's target practice one child's eye is a mistake. one hundred fifty-nine is a policy
when you're still fucked from last night's bender and sunglasses aren't gonna cut it
i am ready to serve my first term
not my president literally
how you look when someone says something stupid
i'm not saying it was aliens but it was aliens
when you see muslims at bunnings buying pool chemicals and fertilizer
i don't need you to tell me how fuckin good my memes are... i get reported all the fuckin' time
it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
hillary clinton against the death penalty. gallows are pure evil . anyone who still practices this form of execution is sick
you are so queer it could be raining titties and you would still get hit in the face with a dick
blame it all on my roots, i showed up in boots.. and ruined your jihad affair
bitches be like.. he got money though
hahaha good one let's burn 6 million to celebrate
they named us after the land mass they shipped us to! "the only difference between a dominican, puerto rican, cuban, jamaican, haitian, bahamian and african american is a boat stop."
how black people became christians
love comes in all shapes and sizes
i have tits give me free stuff
when you finally get to go outside after being in the barn all winter
horrifying photo from nuclear bomb
musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress. she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma", to "give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
cash me auschwitz how bow dach
gays for islam islam for gays
yo dawg i heard you loved chinese food so we killed your cat
you think im scared of saying nigger?
you pick cotton to get to it because it's white, it works, and why don't black people like aspirin?
virgo you're both white trash quite frankly
when you want to win but you're already 5 down before you even start
where's jaws when you need him ?
mistakes come in all sizes
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
they had us in the first half, not gonna lie honey, having a small dick is not a big deal i know it darling, but i'd prefer if you did not have any
when you haven't stolen for over 2 weeks.
"the jew is the demon behind the corruption of mankind."
good things come to those who wait
how the ancestors look at you when you stupid
when you walk past the special ed classroom and see them gangbanging the teaher (jazz music stops)
next time don't get pregnant
i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
when you're conjoined twins, we often have the same thoughts
"whatcha thinkin' about, liberal cuck"? "antifa getting their asses kicked, crying about the election, loving islam goatshaggers, butt sex, crying, more crying, and stuff..."
how you look when youre black and you celebrate the 4th of july
that reminds me! it's time to fuck the goat!
with when you enter a mosque your weapon to collect some kills 71 yo afghan refugee: hello brother
kim davis says what hurts most is when people say god doesn' t love her. you know, what christians tell gay kids every single day
king's landing so hot right now
dishwasher for sale missing parts
and if i keep my arms like this i look like a teapot
the porn again christian
i am pro oxygen sweet beautiful oxygen liberals
excuse me?!? it is ma'am! ma'am! i will take you outside and show you a sir!
i sent him a picture of my vagina... and he said "he loves arby's too."
selling this anique farm equipment still works and runs like a champ. serious inquiries only
i bet they lived happily married
you took us to the wrong mountain bro
if her legs aren't shaking when you are done you're not done
no matter what i'll protect you
mexicans road trip
black on black
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
"when a guy says "i love you", he really mean it but when a girl says "i love you", she just want to sleep with you & hurt your feeling.
helen keller and her beloved cat, "mittens"
i just realized we know we don't want him in the same bathroom with our wives
as a group of feminists walk by, telly shouts "go make me a sandwich!" while kermit begins to whip out his dick
hellen keller and her boston terrier "phiz"
lebron james before he got his hairline fixed
happy birthday sugar tits
when you get a compliment out of the blue and have to try not to be bashful
when people are spreading rumors but you're unbothered
marital status?? in a relationsheep.
went outside today yolo
yes i ordered my justice department not to prosecute hillary clinton donald trump and to frame so what are you going to do about it
the wife said we needed a new coffee maker so i got one. her name is jill. the wife was not amused..
see here's your mistake you added a fuck that i didnt give
just bought my first slow cooker
what would kids think if we mixed punk with rap
when you're shy everytime your friend takes selfies
just trying to do my part
that look when your father sells you for a goat
hello mengele i think one of your experiments has escaped
my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i should have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014 and planned them in 2013
what's the difference between you and a pizza? a pizza taste better
the feeling of the first dance
she was born at the same time as mlk jr. though you think of them as different eras
step one: turn on the gas
would you look at that this dryer comes with a free dishwasher
that one time when joe biden kept his hands to himself
fuck that puto!
that's a nice turkey sandwich  it's ha'am!
is someone using the oven? cuz i smell gas
when muslims attack be prepared to fight back
you're telling me i can't pick my bedtime but i can pick my gender?
i'm arresting you for public intoxication
damn i need some shades
dark humor is like good food not everyone deserve it ;
when your halloween make up stays on for to long
when your human stops petting you
i wish jew a happy brithday
vince foster going to tesitfy against her suddenly kills himself
meanwhile at the isis strip club
when your little one brings home his first girlfriend
handjobs sold separately
pssst! the jews are the globalists that's what the term international jewry" meant. but don't tell anyone, you can't say "it's the jews"
that chicken was so black the police just arrested it
when you move away from india and find out you can't shit in the streets
"i went to walmart and picked up a new sandwich maker."
a serbian man
wanna go masturbate? fuck yeah! masturbating
where's the interview with the police who murdered unarmed black men on video?
look! a beautiful muslim woman
time to play cowboys and muslims
and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
when somebody ask's a jew why they are jewish... "i think of myself as above the average person "
meanwhile at the isis strip club
racing for pink slips in south africa
handjobs sold separately
good morning sleepyhead
when you buy a nazi on aliexpress
he took me to the gucci store & said april fool bitch
black people started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." spell saggin backwards... those sneaky white people
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
thats why we like you
what do you mean happy columbus day?
farm equipment and livestock don't mix
ma! the meatloaf!
crawling in mein skin these jews they will not heil!
chris brown and rihanna at an event
this sunday.. don't forget to set your bomb forward one hour
did someone say starbucks!?!
when your nails are on point
'those that attack one muslim, are attacking all muslims" those that attack one american, are attacking all americans!!
white people is this a shooting range?
uncle daddy says that i have to wash my pussy cos mummy says my brothers cock tastes different
what guys envision lesbian look like what lesbians really look like
"white people be like .. "hunting is a sport"
a gorilla dreaming that she was kim burrell
latinos will do anything to get into trump's america
my dong is only 3 inches that's not very - from the ground
when you run over antifa protestors and you hear one being dragged
damn they really out here thinking they making it to class
if you're sad about being alone on valentine's day, just remember nobody loves you on the other days of the year either
man of the year
when you slap your  dishwasher too hard
stop racism black children and white children are the same
when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
white kids dreaming about their first day of school
when you try to evade the school bell stampede
oh look my new wife arrived
me, the first time my sweet, beautiful baby boy ever brings a girl home to meet me. why don't you go back to your home on whore island?
finding a bomb in a video game
i long for the days before politcal correctioness when kids were allowed to play livestock management technicians and indigenous people
this is steve, he lives with both parents, who both work. no one in his family has a middle name in their facebook name, like javeon doingbigthings jackson. everyone in his family can swim
wax figure reconstruction of anne frank
i pull up in this and yell "come on we got some redneck sh*t to do" are you getting in?
really ? eating pork is a sin but marriage to a 6 year old is ok
when you haven't stolen for over 2 weeks.
man committing genocide armed with nuclear weapons, gunboats, helicopter gunships, tanks, bombers, bulldozers, drones and as many arms as he can buy with the $4 billion per year america gives him.. plays the victim
when a retarded chick stares at you in lazy eye i'm gonna stick my dick in the mashed potatoes!
who farted ?
this is how lesbians have sex
the latest toy has hit the shops it's a talking muslim doll nobody knows what the fuck its says, because no one has the guts to pull the string
chris rock gets his own netflix special in february 2018
shut the fuck up! feminists are not angry, tomboyish lesbians!
a handful of rich people should not run the country a handful of politicians should
look if you dont vote for me... i'll just import people who will
i got my hair did
who knew that this country is full of white trash
hello, i'm mark zuckerberg and i'm a no good cock sucker
for those of you ignorant to history there has already been a "march for our lives" and they were already disarmed!
first black guy to admit he is the father
i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
you gotta pump those numbers up those are rookie numbers
guys i think my dog has autism lmao
i am not racist and my best friends aren't either
fuck goat right in the asshole
i guess the jury liked pudding cause they pudding my ass in jail
if you see me in public looking a hot mess, just know; my bills are paid, my children have food, & i ain't trying to impress you
mein feelings have been hurt
armed with the knowledge that aids only kills the gays, ernie tells bert to take his new found gift and spread it to the masses
when you haven't robbed for a week
when you're still a week away from pay day and your car breaks down on you
what's black on top and white on bottom rape
white people know thyself
look son a traitor
that makes my lady junk tingle
feeling like a bad mom? quokkas toss their babies at predators so they can escape
how in the hell did we go from this.. to being afraid of offending muslims?!
x did you know that 1 out of 3 trump supporters are just as stupid as the other 2!
take one step at a time you have to crawl before you can learn to walk
is your girlfriend hot like me?
i don't understand your specific kind of stupid but i do admire your total commitment to it
do you like to barbeque cause i'm bout to slap this meat across your grill
muslims goats
i said glass of juice not gas the jews
how you feel after one night of drinking in your 30s
"i inherited a mess!" - donald trump no, you inherited a fortune. we elected a mess!
just figured out trump conned you? not too fucking bright, are you?
if you got your phone wet try leaving it in dry rice overnight. it will attract the water from the phone and fix your electronic for you
the microscopic view of a hemorrhoid
a typical white man
and then trump said i'm, like, a really smart person
if there's no one to hold your hand put your hands in your pocket and continue
you say islam is violent? i will kill you !
this has nothing to do with this post but one day i hope we can all live in a world of peace
no more excuses european americans are generational squatters
i am a gamer not because i don't have a life but because i hate women and minorities
japanese citizen watches as nuke drops on the 9th of august 1945 (colorized)
volkswagen cars produce more gaz than expected ach!! thats my car
this one time at camp   we got so baked
the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you! radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you
islam is the religion of peace piece of you over here, piece of you over there
300 kg bomb vs 1000 kg bomb
hello chocolate paradise princess i'm albert
when you catch your goat with another man ya done fucked up
hitler looking sad af
send me a latina who's not crazy i don't know how to make them
he went to jail for your sins
skipped the last step on the stairs... earned jump wings
you've been hungerstruck!!
transgender female athlete biological female
we've been saved! from what? critical thinking?
antique farm equipment
she called me islamphobe so i gave her some sharia law!
when people are still talking about epstein's pedo ring after 3 mass shootings in a week you're going to need a bigger
transgenderman (fallonfox) brutally beats black woman in ufc match
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslims in congress 2019
when you just can't stop thinking about obama
if they don't like it here they can leave!
you may kiss the bride
the stupid is strong in this one
racing for pink slips in south africa
911 was personally difficult for me i lost 19 friends that day
when you can feel confident in yourself no matter your limitations
i see!
nobody: european jews after 1933: now we're the skeleton crew
how to talk to muslim people: wrong correct
"one man's trash is another man's treasure" is an awesome phrase... ...but it's apparently a horrible way to tell your kids they're adopted "
when each letter is awesome
i would love to be excited about the women's soccer team's victory. but, this guy ruined it for me
meanwhile at the isis strip club
i made it out alive the democrats didn't get me
so, is there gonna be a storm or nah?
america is for americans period! i agree. why don't you go back to europe?
when the black kids start fighting at school
no to transphobes give trans people peace
people of religion reading the book
i'm an ex-muslim because "islam" means "submission" and i won't submit my life to the delusion of a child rapist
american salute british salute polish salute
what in tranation is this contraption
i'm just not happy being with you falcon punch!
if security is this important at our airports... ...shouldn't it be this important at our borders too?
claims to be pro-life dies
when you snap a photo with the friend that never smiles
i got kicked out of hogwarts for using black magic
this is not the middle-east where america is hated and muslim terrorist are born this is michigan
farmersonly.com... where white trash meet other white trash
so, 2 gay guys walk into a bar and pick up a tranny
forcing children into religion is child abuse. religion has to be taught. it's not natural 
just so we're clear at the same time democrats are refusing to secure our border they introduce legislation to disarm law abiding citizens are you trying to start a civil war? because that's how you start a civil war
when you're part of the real suicide squad
fuck obama fuck backlivesmatter fuck islam and double fuck allah
jewber: uber for jews
flash drive butt plug for when you really want to back that ass up
these are gangsters these are wankers
she said she wanted the "d" so i gave her diabeetus
stop saying we are terrorists muslims are not terrorists
when a thot gets gangbanged in area 51 another area 51 meme
trump supporters be like mexicans stole my teeth
im mixed with what? gorilla and rhino
when an indian man marries he scratches the dot off his wife's forehead to see if he's won a gas station, a motel, or a subway restaurant
what if i change my gender so i become the victim and not the rapist
when the school shooter finally leaves and the hottest girl in class is laying dead on the floor it's free real estate
call of duty mosque edition
this offends me ban them do you agree?
just got his euthanasia forms signed, retard can't even read so i told him he got accepted into harvard lmfao
when you can't decide to pre heat the oven or just throw the meal in right away
that look when you find out your husband isn't coming home from the mosque
i like my noodles like this
when you insult a liberal intentionally
fuck off!! you muslim bastards, we didn't win 2 wars just to hand england over to you!!!
there are only two genders: male female
when she asks to move in but you already own a dishwasher
how pothead lesbians get stoned in the middle east islamic art
when you're a hard hitter
i sexually identify as thomas the tank engine
this flag represents white genocide
when your moms plastic and you're a spastic tragedy!!
marital status?? in a relationsheep.
when you look in your neighbor's yard and see an illegal immigrant mowing their lawn
everywhere: eats out africa: "we don't do that here"
claims that her ancestors created a safe space for jews these are her ancestors
it was at this moment jacob knew he fucked up
if theres even one homeless child in america we have no room for illegal aliens
oh boy i cant wait to pray at my favorite mosque on march 15th 2019
if this terrorizes you and this doesn't something is very wrong with you
game of the year 1817
you knew that was the wrong purse... are you serious!
when nazi germany would have won ww2 would there be a burger named mchitler?
the only thing that hinders you is your own motivation
did you hear that ? smells right ? lmao
whenever you feel stupid, remember this
documentary on the kkk premiers wednesday on fox
the flag flies high and proud
the world calls it: love god calls it: abomination
when the porn video features a tranny but then 'she' turns out to be a midget too you had my curiosity but now you have my attention
need a job? the democrat party is hiring no experience or intelligence required
why don't i get sunburnt i use sunscreen
the look you give your mans when he's cute but kinda dumb
mommy look! an indian man! don't look at them ricky. i don't want you to be influenced by...ohgodno rickyyy show bobs and vagene pls
child protective services takes away childrenfrom parents who don't vaccinate but they're perfectly fine with them
what's the deal with black people they're not black and they're not people
when u stop being shy around new people but u start getting annoying why are you like this
in soviet amerika... government limits you!!!
diary of a wimpy kid hard luck anne frank is one wimpy kid
when your finally starting to be accepted for who you are
hurry up and join us for play
america be like never forget get over it
when did you have lunch?
when you finally buy a dishwasher this works a lot better than a sponge
nascar fans getting drunk in the metal parking lot, earplugs, dumb heads vests with patches, going in circles, trailer trash, obsession with gear, raising hell, aviators, fast stuff, hangovers..
the spooks of hazzard
if only dogs could pick up after themselves
that look you get when you finally complete your collection
when each letter is a mental disorder
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
every man needs a decent coffee maker
when you tell him he can't marry a 6 years old while he lives in us. what do you mean?
when you find out the girl you like doesn't like dank memes "got me fucked up" "i bet she wipes back to front" "what a thot" "that foolish hoe" "i hope she die"
slavery reinstated catch yourself a strong one
never had one before. what? a room to yourself? yes
your race card is declined
if you're a man and put your hands on a woman then you aren't a man
great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
los angeles has ice cube new york has nas detroit has eminem your city has ?
sure she's cute, but my car's still dirty.
helen keller and her beloved cat, "mittens"
when you actually get a job in the same field that you majored in child safety now child safety tips from a former pedophile
thankfully youtube blocked those videos to show their support for muslim people
now is the winter of our discontent day made glorious summer by this hump
when you have to race to see who gets to the playground quicker
do you smell that? no me neither, start cooking
aren't you tried of my jokes!
i was told to make a fb pregnancy pic. wife was not amused. "there are no mistakes, just happy little accidents"
paraplegic woman in a wheelchair with her coach
i don't pretend to be something i'm not except sober. i've pretended to be sober a few times
this is where i belong
the leader of north korea during a meeting
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud
reshare if you hate white people
the book about terrorism
my favorite sex position is the challenger i go hard for 73 seconds then prematurley blow
the face non-car people make when you tell them you blew a tranny
border agents in texas aprehend over 400 span. in just 5- minutes illegals we know we have an issue with illegal immigration but how can we fix this and not separate families
damnit ! i said glass of juice not gas the jews
you know it's going a be a serious blow job when he puts his hair up in a manbun
shitting on streets stray dogs indians
yo dawg you gotta chill
to all my friends who post controversial, obscene, dirty, offensive, derogatory posts... keep that shit up. i like it
do i need to dig up hitler to show you how to use an oven
once we are done destroying our country we'll move to yours!
anything * y o u * can do, i can do better i can do anything better than you ! !
halloween got you like
who is this grumpy cat you speak of?! sweet mother of hades what the hell is that?!?!?
i think it is safe now challenge accepted
unnecessary life-vest ice cubes float
you need to quit messing with those white devils, brotha!!
i'm not a pessimist i'm an optometrist
...and down here, we'll add a happy little van, down by the river
good things small packages
mfw the local tranny gets lynched
a phobia is an irrational fear a fear that muslims may be terrorists is not islamaophobia but a fear grounded in history, experience, and reality
dark humor is like good food not everyone deserve it
like if you had one of these only the 1840's kids will remember
glad she put the paper up someone might recognise her
you got a problem?
when your lipstick smudges after eating a hamburger
how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them
either we fuckin, or i'm fuckin
we have enough thoughts and prayers please send bobs and vagine
i caught my goat cheating on me
amsterdam red light district isalamabad red light district
but i need you
when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i can't
drive very cautiously on this road of life because folks will turn on you with no signal
problem solution
the first time i got high was in the backseat of my older brother's car. it must have been some good shit too, because i am an only child
if you shouted "lock her up" & aren't now shouting "lock him up".. you might be a hypocrite
happy birthday i nose it will be good
when you found your wife is cheating on you
never let anyone tell you what you can or cannot do. just look at beethoven. everyone told him he would never be a musician, just because he was deaf but did he listen?
buchenwald concentration camp bones of anti-nazi german women still are in the brick ovens on the crematorium
when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
clint eastwood and a monkey
know why colored people have all those air freshener in their cars? they can't stand the smell of ni**er either!
we're glad you're home
meanwhile at the isis strip club
i'm going to post a bunch of slutty pictures and act promiscuous on the internet why doesn't anyone want to date me? all men are trash
will you hurry up and hunt some food we have to feed this starving child
what kind of punch can take out 20 kids and 6 adults? a sandy hook
muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security!
michelle obama don't find that funny
49 people were killed at christchurch muslim muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques
one of the poor defenseless refugees we hear about she's smuggling 31 pounds of pure heroin
knock knock. who's there? your parent! now open up this damn door
when you remebered where you left your keys
tag the little guy who thinks he can take on anyone
as much as abdul tried he could not get the fucker into first gear
how can this be allowed a free home and benefits? when this man was allowed to die on the street after serving this country
somehow we went from this to having american hating radical muslim anti-semites and socialists not only in congress but on the foreign intelligence committee. how the hell did this happen?!
you can cry about "islamophobia" all you want ! we don't give a rats ass about allah ~arv~ we the people of america stand with israel
when u forget to lock ur basement door and ur pets try to run away
kick islam out of india
bruhh.. white ppl give me a headache
when republicans freed the slaves this is how democrats responded
immigrants illegal aliens
fight for our country to keep the land we made home
if your man dresses like this there no doubt he's gay
start the car!!!!!! i just peed on hillary's leg!
whole world- earth is round buhammad nibba it's flat goatfucker
to all my friends who post controversial obscene, dirty, offensive, derogatory posts..... keep that shit up. i like it
mohammed i'm pregnant...
you know shit got real... once chucky got up
why is it so good? because it's white
this chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe!
hello honey! no, i promise i'm not playing golf again
how does he drive his car? he hits the gas
when a transgender takes a pregnancy test
"farming simulator 19 classic equipment dlc"
where is the black guy?
two sad images from american history
this isn't even my real ashes
when you see your ex having a seizure in public shake it like a salt shaker bitch
not all of us are terrorists but all terrorists are one of us
oh look. this thread again
see? i fuckin told you! a little foil on top keeps them jewsy
peinigger
the only time you can hang out with 2 dirty hookers and a tranny
there's incest, and then there's sisterfister incest!
anyone who disagrees with homosexuality and gay marraige is probably a closet homosexual. do you disagree with pedophiles and pedophilia?
you sent out so much smoke red indians came to make peace
you see little black children i see hundreds of thousands in welfare and future incarcerations
trump's transgender military ban is the best thing ever share if you agree
caitlyn jenner is having a good hair day
if some dude walks into the ladies bathroom while one of my girls is in there i will quickly identify as a mma fighter
when my girlfriend says, "unlock your phone i need to see something.. i just look at her crazy because i don't even let my wife do that
ah, i think may have found the problem you appear to be a f*male
l only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
she is a fast runner
manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
r.i.p trayvon martin
how to pick up jewish chicks
jean claude van ma'am! coming soon to a gamestop near you, "it's ma'am!!!
wanted: ''fled from the kitchen''
i reckon i like them titties mmmm hmmm
art school:*denies application* 6 million jews:
no generation in american history has let the government get by with so much, are we a generation of cowards or are we going to take our country back?
damn they really out here thinking they making it to class
"heeeadddd shoulders wheel and frame wheel and frame"
you mean she wasn't german?
the navy drinkers with a sailing problem
this could be us but you keep escaping
dad said the neighbors couldn't get any blacker proved him wrong
leftist logic: it's bad for russia to interfere in our elections.. ...but it's ok for illegal immigrants to vote
when i post something offensive and someone tries to explain to me why it's offensive
goes on a date gets stood up
wtf is with this guide dog? i keep ending up at kfc
stomp on my flag i'll pound your ass
mlk at the march on washington
every man needs a decent coffee maker
baltimore is not infested with rats they live there
this is what rich white trash looks like and it's time to take out the trash!
my momma always said your a white trash whore
do i have to unbury hitler so he can show you how a fucking oven works ?!?!
the face you make after you nut and the goat keeps sucking
don't ever think you got away with the rat shit you said or the snake shit you did because i have a good memory and alot of patience
when it's spring cleaning time but you rather sleep
crackers gonna crack
2 more sleeps until hunbashing
transwoman yelling at me about the meme i made me wondering what this dude's problem is
this is the result of letting muslims in '' ''
god loves all of his children
i'm a moderate muslim. that means that while other muslims are putting bombs on your buses and raping your children i'll be telling you that islam is peaceful, protesting when you insult my religion and lobbying your government to take away your free speech. a moderate muslim speaks!
this faceapp stuff is incredible!
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
looking for attention? join us
"state your name for the record" what page is it on?
where's jaws when you need him ?
getting ready to head out and paint the town red
people aftey they put the divider in between your groceries
my wife asked me what the female version of a "man cave" would be i told her it's called "a kitchen"
white people throwing rice at weddings. "why are they wasting the food"
smell that? thats why we have to use condoms
i'm not sexist. being sexist is wrong , and being wrong is for women
are my sins forgiven now, father
hunting the most expensive way to get free food
so then i pied the corner and smoked his ass
ain't no sandwich when she's gone
you should vote for me because i do not suck! we already knew that!
all aboard we are headed home
what i say about the gunman every time there's a mass shooting
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
how much did the holla cost
i'm really sorry you're not feeling well today... but i'm still gonna need a sandwich
being republican is as easy as laundry you just separate the whites from the colors
only in america could these people consider themselves the "master race"
black boyfriend white boyfriend
religion when grown ass adults argue about who has the better invisible friend
this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
my mom says i can get 1m likes
sit down kids, i will now tell you how i met your mother
you can't be the victim of a school shooting if you're the school shooter
how do you know when this prick is lying? the sphincter under his nose is moving
person i chase: *shows clear signs he doesn't want to do anything with me* me: i'm gonna pretend i still have a chance
biggest mistake in american history
i did not divide the country the republican decision to obstruct every single thing i proposed to help us dig out of the financial crisis they caused divided the country
i bet god is one of us because he didn't even raise his son
minesweeper just got real... as fuck !!
unfortunately... these guys still exist
partial arts
when a new hire tries to tell you how to do your job who the fuck is you?
child protective services takes away children from parents who don't vaccinate but they're perfectly fine with them
asian drivers test went as expected
rohingya refugee boys study the quran
when abortion is illegal so you hire casey anthony to babysit improvise. adapt. overcome
you smell coffee? me neither. make some!
i'm not saying it was muslims but it was muslims
gay people fear me so why is it called homophobia? a phobia is a fear of something i do not fear gay people
vitiligo is a disease that causes the loss of skin color
whenever white patriarchy wants to turn me into its fucking bitch
fukrest. ...if die... don't let me vote democrat
when buslim nibba see his sister
walking with my homies
caution 49 killed in a mosque ...heightened security travel 4000 killed a year by illegals smuggling and illegal immigration may be encountered in this area ...wide open borders
hello mengele i think one of your experiments has escaped
handjobs sold seperately
i wonder what kind of sandwich she is building. oh
that look you give when you got your fix but not your kids
a gestapo agent inspects a group of yugoslavs executed by nazi henchmen
an expensive gas bill? i did nazi that coming
i love you darling stupid i am here
i'm not saying your mom's a slut but during childbirth she slid you in and out a couple of times
a short histoy of u.s. presidents
what are they fighting over? is it: a) he cut him off b) he stole his girl c) he ran into him d)they're just play fighting for funsies
overly attached muslim girlfriend i killed your other 4 wives so you have more time to beat me
4th of july when white people celebrate killing each other over land that wasnt theirs
it's a weiner pit. just like your mouth
and that was the last time we let uncle larry babysit
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
that friday vibe be like
hello abdul, today i'm alone at home. *abdul this is ultimate
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye commits crimes against the polish starts ww2
i hate racism. why would you choose to hate an entire group of people just becase of the way they all behave
my husband is always pushing me around.... and talking behind my back
it's okay for you to believe what you believe it's not okay for you to demand other to believe the same way
international women's day? bitch please back to kitchen
lonely devil on halloween
"i yelled catch ! i swear i thought she was ready "
we didn't say nobel prize we said... no bail, suprise!
this old ass honky is a porch monkey 4-life you look at my woman step off johnny law
farming simulator 17
the name's bob... bob
ok nigger
when you've just realised your son has taken the wrong backpack to school
what the heck you mean no shirt no service
this is a snakes mouth it all makes fucking sense now
i think it's funny to haggle overprice with with hookers when you're just going to kill them anyway
how to get a black guy to see his baby
do you agree with rush limbaugh's claim that the democtrat party is america' s largest hate group?
i'm not inturupting anything personal, am i? yeah niles, we just eloped. i'm your new mom. well, i'll be a son of a bitch
charles martel from the year 732 explains how he kept france safe from muslims "i slaughtered every single one of those savages, until they retreated back to the third world, poverty stricken hell hole, from which they came."
15 bucks for sex isn't normal but on meth it is. meth rolling back prices farther than wal-mart
white kid: "i don't know how to shoot" dad: "just pretend it's your classmates"
bombbbssss awayyyyyy
kill all americans & remind them islam is peaceful
fuck israhell and fuck the usa!!! 136 countries are on the side of palestine!!!
i told my friend that i can turn fruits into vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
if you believe that, i've got a virgin goat to sell you!
damn it john, leave stevie alone
he was a world savior only if stupid people would understand
bruder you killed me so the jew could control your media so the jews could control your banks so the jews control you money so the jews could control your government so your children could die for israel so foreigners could destroy your cities so foreigners could run your civil and public services so you become a prisoner in your own homes so your people and race are lost forever
3.8 billion of them on earth. why isn't it clean yet?
best thing about an ethiopian blowjob?... you know shes gonna swallow!!!
1-800 abos-r-dum, thats 1-800-abos-r-dum! do you hate yourself? doubt science & established historical records?
arrest george soros for crimes against europe
best thing about twenty four year olds twenty of them
when you can't remeber if you ate wendy's twice that day
build a house for r250m while ordinary citizens live in poverty? i blame apartheid
the look you have when your dad cuts your hair
sign says "take a quarter"  takes two
thank you ! for everything ! for what ?
i wish i could stand by you!
no one: white people when you nod at them:
parents gets divorced twice as many birthday presents
i was asked am i my brother's keeper? i replied. fuck with him and find out
don't look back in the past contiue to live in the future
here's a painting of a handbook for terrorists
close friends for life
"i'm fine, i'm just tired" = my depression is setting in but i don't want to bother you with it
heeeeaad shoulders wheel and frame wheel and frame
and then i told that goat fucker suck my star spangled dick
when you think it's friday but it's actually tuesday
great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
oh sike
damn chewbacca ewoks are our friends
malcolm x military kill
you can't hate jews if there's no more jews
don't shoot, i'm from the group why dont you post and comment? i'm shy, but i like stuff
dont ask me how i get on that cliff
when you're trying to listen to the teacher in your school and the foreign exchange student keeps on crying
questioning america's support for fascist israel ... is unacceptable
teacher asked what comes after a sentence told her an appeal
yes, ilhan omar is anti-semitic and anti-american but she is on our side
when you're stressed, you eat ice cream, cake, chocolate & sweets, why? because stressed spelled backwards is desserts mind = blown.]
back in my day blowin a tranny was car trouble
active shooter at a walmart in tx targeting only hispanics. armed white people
i'm not a racist my shadow is black
if you don't want to talk about it, don't post vague status updates fishing for people to ask you what's wrong
what was hitler's favorite race? nazi jews
deport the goat fornicators #fukislam
you're so old this was your first school book
i once dumped a cross eyed chick thought she was seeing someone else
i can't wait to name you some dumb shit nobody can pronounce
finally synthetic watermelon
feeling cute might write in my diary later
"never forget" -you said.. i am the proof you have forgotten
why didn't the "if you don't like it, you can leave" people leave when obama was president?
one last call for green cards closing time you dont have to go home but you cant stay here
when the weekends finally here
that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you're a better person than that
i have to stop saying "how stupid can you be?" some people are starting to take it as a challenge
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud
is it just me or does justin bieber look like a 35 year old lesbian?
45 goals of communism 26. present homosexuality, degeneracy and promiscuity as "normal, natural, healthy."
the hardest part to eat in a vegetable
the most racist people are the ones crying"racist" all the time!
what's the difference between a cow and the holocaust? you can't milk a cow for 75 years
if your man dresses like this there no doubt he's cold
time to make money the old fashioned way by killing christians
islam we're the religion of peace. if you don't believe it, we'll kill you
look at my new goat cage
on my way to the maury show for the 8th time
don't get me started about your tranny problems
always be kind to those less fortunate than you
when each letter is a mental disorder
they were right blue really is my color!
how do we destroy the patriarchy? it's simple. we eat it
oh no i can't steal anymore
islam turning every single country it touches into a shithole for over 1400 years
the strength of a father to his daughter
mohammed?! it's aisha can you stop fucking the donkey for a minute? allah wants to talk to you!
largemouth bass largemouthed ass
twins going swimming with a friend
a rare photo of obama's birth
when asked what i did over the weekend i reply, "why, what did you hear
how you look when youre black and you celebrate the 4th of july
kick them out of country
rise of the planet of the apes (1963)
trump supporters because why learn the facts, when you can mindlessly preach hate?
this bacon is so raw it's about to start singing hakuna matata
pork is unclean? ever smell one of these goat fuckers?
dora the explorer has got a little muslim friend.. doda the exploder
it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
when you successfully shot all the muslims in the mosquee but isis doesn't claim the assault
guess she didn't learn her lesson the first time
a phobia is a fear of something i do not fear fear gay people so why is it called homophobia? gay people fear me
did you say dude blew his tranny???
when you bout to nut in your cousin and you hear the barn door open
ice cube has been targeted by gay activist for using homophobic lyrics in the past
handjobs sold seperately
we want sharia law!! then go the fuck home
if being racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks & goatshit ruled by a barbric cult then i'm a racist
greetings fellow americans miss me?
liberal logic 101 muslim kills a dozen "infidels" [cricket noise] christian mentions god in public shoving his religion down our throats
waiter, another order of crow for my anti-trump friends
if you support this you're supporting the genocide of black men
proper plating technique
albanians taking a selfie with a porn star
300 kg bomb vs 1000 kg bomb
i pray to our lord and saviour to bless this melon
i got new shoes brother died from ebola
i didn't choose the tranny life the tranny life choose me
he's the man, baby !
i came to fuck bitches and learn rocket science
we're glad you're home the russians pooped in the hallway!
oh no i can't run anymore
car accident on michigan ave
everyone should have exercise in their day to day schedule
in 1990, the irs seized willie nelson's bank accts and real estate holdings for a 16 million dollar tax debt. currently, al sharpton owes in excess of 19 million dollars in taxes and he visits the white house regularly as a guest!!! explain white privelege again?
you with the goat stop that!
excuse me?!? it is ma'am! ma'am! i will take you outside and show you a sir!
don't be embrassed mark lots of guys yell "harder daddy" during a rectal exam
what we do in our bedroom is none of your business which is why we have parades that block traffic and force you to see examples of what we do in our bedroom
why do muslims were towels on their heads so if they run out of toilet paper they have something to wipe their ass
your birthday's good... but it needs more cowbell
me the night before vs me the next morning
ever wonder if asians make fun of caucasians? "look at me, i have peripherar vision. i speak engrish"
if donald trump is the answer how stupid is the question?
never forget
when some body adds another plate to the sink while i'm washing the dishes
cocaine evilheart so much cocaine i fucking told you!
drinking wine is bad drinking camel piss is good
why don't i get sunburnt? because prisons are indoors
how do you circumcise a trump voter? kick his sister in the jaw
when you told her you was going to fuck her till she was stupid & she didn't believe you now she's like..
what can we say 
companies when pride month ends:
why is this guy the only one convicted?
official white house  holiday ornaments
isn't it interesting that isis has run out money now that obama is no longer in office..
they are not escaping to find a better life they are invading us to destroy ours
why does toilet paper need a commercial? who is not buying this?
i hate women so much i'm not even joking bro
google glass locate kfc
the face they make when you've left the "plantation" and you no longer think like them
meanwhile at the isis strip club
dude stop smoking its gonna harm you dude stop
my mom makes the best sandwiches
chicks be like the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice
florida schools are forcing students to stand during national anthem if you support this please like and share
a muslim ban would've stopped that
forcing children into religion is child abuse religion has to be taught. it's not natural 
it's a weiner pit. just like your mouth
slip'n'slide the most fun you'll ever have getting hurt
fuck banks fuck indians too
life has its ups and i have its downs
not all heroes wear capes
hiltler eating a meal with his family
saddle up motherfuckers it's time to play cowboys
so this is heaven? i hate it
show intolerance for other's religions expect highest level of tolerance for their own
you cannot invade the trailer park there will be a dumpster-defend with a yeet cannon behind every door!
king kong
suddenly mexico wants to talk about immigration i'm so grateful we have a tough president
america first! when it comes to elections
not my president not my residents
i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america
just as i suspected   you're stupid from this angle as well
stevie wonder be like #selfie!
when your girl is bulimic, but you like gagging sounds, so you call her "fatty" while you beat your meat in the shower
hurry up son, the owner is coming
when you see a black guy in your store but he isn't trying to steal anything impossible
best holiday gift for muslims
hello everyone, this is m and welcome to jackass: umbra edition!
i don't bitch wanna get please! married! i've got to go blow myself up tomorrow! islam - none of it makes sense
my husband told me to make him a sandwich i need a good comeback i would come back with a sandwich
chinese ppl be like  happy thanksgiving!
i just squirted tranny fluid
acceptance of individuality is not a disgusting thing
snuffy and big bird discuss the most efficient way to rape the drugged man. hush, child
the us navy keeping tranny hookers laid since 1715
i'm no gynecologist but i know a cunt when i see one
when your wife is secretly a dinosaur, and you don't find out before she givs birth to four crossbreed raptors
what do you call a group of inspectors your chain of command fears? the orse-men of the apocalypse
when the wife comes home early and the valve covers in the dishwasher are still on rinse
you come home and found this.. what do you do ???
lick her shitter like an apple fritter
making fans everywhere
guys what the fuck what the actual fuck
white people is this a shooting range
ladies if you like the thugs or bad boys welcome to your future dream home
when my name is in a math problem and all the class stares at me me: that's right bitches. i bought 60 watermelons
defender of all things white, i'm ed supercoon
when you realize what you walked into
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
i called my boy whatchoo goin do bout that spray bottle now
the face you make when white males have commited the most terrorist acts on american soil but you paint every other group as the problem
"if you kill a killer, the number of killers in the world remains the same." -batman "lol, okay faggot." -punisher
section 3: devide and rule ! in religion-based riots, crime will be trust upon hindus only. even though a hindu gets killed at the hands of the minorities, they will not be taken as guilty
meet jon savage starring in tranny beatdown ladies and gentlemen, fasten your seatbelts
islam's trojan horse the the only reason truth obama obama to has told support to america america "i will stand with themuslimes should the political winds shift in an ugly direction." -barack hussein obama
mexicans road trip
i don't always see muslims at the public swimming pool but when i do, i always tap the "no bombing" sign
a great way of serving your country
when you successfully shot all the muslims in the mosquee but isis doesn't claim the assault
i try not to be bias
i'm not racist drug dealer is black
when the americans pull up outside of auschwitz *jew cooking time stops*
that moment when she realizes those guarana's & tequila were'nt free
answer the phone . no signal out here! haha
when japan thinks you're gonna invade their mainland
and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
what the neighbors see what my father sees
when the chow mein was on point
terrorist attacks innocent people with guns leaders want innocent people to give up their guns and become even more defenseless.
what it looks like when cancer gets aids
this is vitiligo, the same disease that michael jackson suffered from
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
when muslim people use km per hour instead of bomb per allah hu akbaar this is why i bomb people
rebuilt tranny
howdy y'all!
keeping your dishwasher clean  will make it last longer
does anyone know if he had a donor card? i need parts for my go-cart
last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
"we demand our city be made a sanctuary city for illegals!" "they are trying to send illegals to our sanctuary city!!!"
me after i take that first sip of mcdonald's sprite kwispy
god will forgive you no matter what you've done sweet
"you wouldn't stop me if i was a polar bear."
islam "i will instill terror into the hearts of the un believers: smite ye above their necks and smite all their finger-tips off." quran 8:12
nice watch you got there david thanks, my dad sold it to me before he passed
when its your first day of wedding and you see him fucking a goat am i a joke to you?
no nut november champion
i'm awesome on the piano but i suck on the organ
it might look fucked up, but her handjobs are fucking unbelievable
how chevy owners say hi to each other
if i can sexually harass this many women and molest this many children as vice president, just imagine how many i could do as president! but what am i telling you for? you're the first gay president, married to the first 'first tranny,' and most people don't even know it!
i'm going to give you 30 seconds to delete this before i make the holocaust look like a fucking joke
immigrant problem problem fixed
symbol of stupidity
omw to kill those israhellites
you can tell that it's aspen tree because of the way it is
dishwasher: *not working* me: *hits it too get it too work* everyone else at my wife's funeral:
sorry, trump... i just prefer presidents who weren't captured by putin!
i'm not racist i hate white liberals more than anybody
saved up for a new macbook bought an equivalent pc and a car instead
i love my precious they will always me mine
i think i've found a vaccine for being a faggot it's called pancuronium bromide
when your friend likes to talk during your favorite song
goes as batman for halloween parents get killed
the guy that wrote this sign wants $15.00 an hour
the brits gave up their guns and now their gov't can jail them for not having a television license
you're gay? that's a lifestyle choice.. ...by which i mean i hate you for being gay
it's not a hijab it's a diaper, for peoples with shit for brains
ahmed mohamed reminds us to set our bombs 1 hour ahead this weekend
white people before they tell a joke about black people
kenyan shit
grab her by the.. nevermind
how they see how i see
notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the mueller report?
im white trash and im in trouble
all these flavors and you choose to be salty
you mean i don't have to pick it and i can eat it?!
happy muslim family
i said glass of juice not gas the jews
trump better deal with these muslims before they kill me
when each letter is cool
all she wants to do is play all day
show intolerance for other's religions expect highest level of tolerance for their own
happy pride month let's go beat up lesbians
when you forget that blind people have a heightened sense of smell why is your penis out ?
q: what's the difference between harry potter and jewish people? a: harry potter eventually escape the chamber
god : *creates women* humans : *creates dishwashers* god :
i cant compare my love of bacon to anything because bacon is the standard that i compare all else to
kids catch you in the kitchen... "what's in your mouth?" and i am standing there like, nothing... "
white people know thyself
when the jews genocide you so hard for 50 years that your population triples
isis you mean them goat fuckers that don't like bacon
we're all here cause we ain't all there
steak recipe: 1. destroy someone
north korean operatives infiltrating the "storm area 51" group: how do you do, fellow american pigs
i was going to make a joke about us but they always blow up in your face
when black people say they are native american
will someone call chuck norris and tell him to please come and get his cat?
when you don't have a pool but it is a hot summer day
sends 6 million to heaven knows jews are god's chosen people
the horrors of the holocaust three u.s. soldiers look at bodies stuffed into an oven in a crematorium
i'm down with that
a world leader, a supermodel, a mass murderer, a tranny, satan's daughter, and a peanut farmer walk into a funeral......
little boy gets a new hand man loses a hand
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
when mohamed puts it inside
she probably have asked a wrong question
"the squad... hasn't done squat" in congress
i don't want trump's face on mount rushmore. i want it chisled onto the moon so liberals, mexicans and muslims never get a good night's sleep
prospective without white '' ''
admins be like this my group
oh look. this thread again
for the love of god skip rocks, don't smoke them
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
when you really love someone, age, distance, height weight, well it's just a damn number
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
i put makeup for my profile photo
if jesus rode ass why do christians hate gay people?
when a black on lmm wants to fight, but you just tell a cop and the cop opens fire without hesitation modern problems require modern solutions
sea monkeys
when you're 2% of the population but 40% of all pedophiles
when the bell goes off on the first day of school and the autistic kid thinks it's the hunger games
victoria police introduces a new weapon to fight apex gang
this toaster is on fire
baby look like he pay his own child support
we're just here to post shit we find funny please know that if that offends you, we find that shit funny also
u want some fuk hey dear i love u show me ur pussy u are beauty
a short history of u.s. presidents
when you're arguing with someone and trying notto hit them
hmmm, that new wife smell
when you get married to the guy your parents didn't like
master chef with low rating master chef with high rating ''
bruce jenner's puppy
the new democratic flag
feisch smeil
stepped on a landmine didn't weigh enough
them: how would you rate this pupper? me: golden
if you play your cards right you can skip prison
lazy day nothing to steal
so you're telling me... you smoke a plant that makes you hungry for fun?
what if i told you my ancestors came here after 500,000 soldiers died to end slavery and i'm not paying one damn red cent
i never get a straight answer for this ''
i asked for oranges not a melon!
whatcha thinking about? wind speed and direction, humidity, distance, drop rate
why god created women? same reason it created men
its ok to have both of these raised and still live in harmony
the lgtbetc .. community maintain the highest suicide rates. proving that both god and darwin were right
i've been ridden more times than the trump train i can run for president now
i'm not an asshole, i'm a hemorrhoid i irritate assholes
monkeys wipe their asses with their hands and throw their own shit but i'm the unclean one
we said we would never forget why are you voting them into our government?
when you ready for bed but bae won't leave you alone
girl you're so special i'm gonna give you a gold star
where's my water?
now at home depot check out the new kenyan fly strip
the same people that hate trump think this is a woman
do you see him? i don't see him
all complete no missing parts
what do you do? i am a model. i do modelling on instagram what do you do? i am a soldier i kill women and minorities
of all time the most underrated cook
jew haters demonrat sewage an evil cancer that wants to destroy america
see? i fuckin told you! a little foil on top keeps them juicy
what is he hiding? we need to see his tax returns! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30,000 emails, used bleach bit on hard drives, then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about peopie hiding anything
no one: steven hawking:
how to trigger liberals in 3, 2, 1 #whiteprideworldwide
soon i'll be nothing but a horrible memory!!!!
benjamin mileikowski your homeland is poland it is not in palestine! did you know that more than half of israel population is comprised of people who are of "polish and "russian" descent ?
control the narrative still think all them shootings are done by black people. they are playing chess not checkers
eat me!
you are islamaphobic look at their beautiful parties
the only kkk to ever let black men in
when you think god is done sending fuck boys into your life another one
the only family to make millions off of a t.v show
im going trans hunting
how they be lurking on your page waiting to pop-up just to disagree
saddle up boys! it's time to play cowboys
we are coming to america one way or another! we will rape, pillage, riot & reap havoc on your nation while stealing your welfare
mississippi wind chime
life hack: your dishwasher can also wash your car
one of my 5 boyfriends slept with another girl. i'll never trust men again!
no one could have ever predicted 9/11
if theres even one homeless child in america we have no room for illegal aliens
white family at the river
keep yelling, motherfuckers allah be with you shortly
every one is afraid of this man
mfw the local tranny gets lynched
when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
there's nothing more ridiculous than when the same republicans who gave us 33 sham hearings on benghazi say investigation trump's actual crimes "is a waste of time."
just like everything else in his life he's inherited, trump inherited a strong economy from obama and took credit for it
good to see you john. good luck in the election
all women should be believed until one of those bitches accuses a democrat
a good asian driver
muslim figure: "we must have pork-free menus or we will leave u.s" bacon america great again!
hope you had fun investigating me now it's my turn
hear us loud and clear we will step over every homeless american to give illegal aliens everything
kill them kill them all !!!!!
i will find you and.. and what.. my apologies, i have dialed the wrong number
hurry up son, you have to peddle faster!
don't ever lie to me if you tell me the truth no matter how fucked up it is i'll respect you more
last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. here i'm free to talk trash about this country in hopes it changes into a country where i'm forced to keep my mouth shut
the same laws that you support to silence people you disagree with can be used to silence you, dumbass
when you dodge your mom's slap your moves are weak mom
they bow to a black woman while blacks praise... well ...you know who
i'm not saying you are a slut but you go out with everyone
after sex selfies
i'm dreaming of a white christmas
this one time at camp we got so baked
if you think we need protection from these people... but not these people, you're a special kind of stupid
ernie educates bert about why the japanese deservee a third nuclear bombing
it's peanutbutter jelly time!!!!
isaak, grandmaster of spectre burning some flatties on a tuesday
this is why black people can't advance: ni**ers are holding us back
i know you are wearing extensions
morgan freeman played god in bruce almighty
either we fuckin, or i'm fuckin
when the mueller report indicates there will be no further indictments
my irony meter just exploded
when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i can't
goatfuckers
gave my wife an orgasm ungrateful bitch spit it out
"how fucked up do you plan to get this weekend?" me:
if britain leaves the eu how much space will be freed up? 1gb
i don't like this post gas it
the older i get the more i look at people like this
perks of being my friend? you'll be the normal one
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
thats what happens when you say you wanna catch these hands
all my guns now self identify as dirt bikes so i had to install mufflers
gas stay in if da door "ay, tone. how'd da is made of wood?"
when cops see an unarmed black youth:
an older gentlemen having a wonderful day
these aren't bears! these are just two fat gay fucks! pride
i wish more of my handcuff stories involved sex instead of police officers!
do i need to show you im a citizen
when your troop respects you as the alpha
when she's says she only dates black guys
in your country police are paid to protect poor liberals and rich liberals who want to disarm everybody
ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib
marokko speed dating
best thing about wearing a hijab? you can hide your bad hair day
ah, i think may have found the problem you appear to be a f*male
the whiteman is the devil!
stepped on a landmine didn't weigh enough
and looking for a "safe place" my page ain't it.. move along snowflake if you're easily offended
all american piece of shit
goat porn star
after i say "whatever" all the shit you say after that is irrelevant
god bless america
my ex looks so peaceful when he sleeps
well look what time it is... time to piss off the liberals with a tweet!!!
islam.. where little girls are mutilated and old perverted men are worshipped
this piece of jewelry costs more than my yearly income
9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and left with my mom
egyptian 'ahly ultra' soccer fans climb over a fence at the al ahly home stadium during celebrations
thank you! for everything! for what ?
what if gordon ramsay voiced a gps? "great job, you missed the bloody exit you fu**ing disgrace"
jihadi magazine's miss december
we are not a rich nation but we know better than to tolerate islam so if you have ever wanted to visit africa, keep amgola in mind
vhen you are doing random stuff. and realise you left the oven on
"at first, i didn t want to wear a hijab." "but my husband convinced me otherwise."
i want to fuck a goat but my 9 year old wife says its unatural
gillbet bink says your news sucks
your order comes to $37.50 and your white privilege discount brings the total to $37.50
my dishwasher is acting strange, can anybody help
when cops see an armed robber
the only woman who knows where her husband is... is a widow the rest of u can sit down... and make me another cup of tea
loses 25,000 new jobs for her district thinks she deserves a pay raise
you better not pout you beter not cry you better not scream i'm going in dry
they used to whip slaves back in the day
this is why today in order to "handle a strong black woman" .... you need a leash for that bitch feminist black feminist
party tonight? i'm down
go back to the country you fled somalia camel piss drinking mussy
average white "women" average muslim women
what dogs look like to black people what dogs look like to asians what dogs look like to white people
put'n the "ham" in mohamed
chuck norris? never heard of her
bring your jihad you camel piss drinking goat humpers
christians don't believe they evolved i agree
i'm leading trump by a landslide in a new poll been there done that
i slipped and fell on black ice i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my wallet was gone
the real racists 1863 democrats: without slaves who will pick our crops? 2017 democrats: without illegals, who will pick our crops?
i will smack the shit out of the next person who touches my head one more time
dishwasher for sale missing parts
buckle up sugar tits 'cause i'm about to take you to pound town in the fuck truck
karen get your shit together
when the vegetables are 2 for the price of 1
what do you mean i've got a 30-day ban all i did was call him nigger
influence elections? you mean like encouraging illegal immigrants to vote?
jewish
here's to all you snowflakes out there who are shocked the president did what he promised to do
it's about how you play them its not about the cards you've been dealt
the face that pro-lifers make when you talk about shooting immigrants
found bigfoot married her
ashes to ashes  dust to dust the jews just left us
i have an idea... but it requires concentration
run over by bacon truck on way to suicide mission ''
liquor stores ask for photo id they're trying to keep people of color from drinking!
been around for 50,000 years invented the stick
should we tell them? or just let them figure it out for themselves?
adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
i just met you, and this is crazy but i love bath salts, and you look tasty
if a phobia is a fear, how can i be "homophobic" or transphobic"? who fears a man in a dress?! why would i fear a man who takes it up the ass by another man? repulsed, yes definitely. fear? no way. the only fear i have is the outcome of what society will look like if these people keep breeding
achmed im pregnant
i dont always post offensive memes but when i do, i do it like a champ
i was raped in jail mom. dad's taking monopoly way too seriously incest is the best, put your daughter to the test
her: stop it! i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher. him: yeah... me too!
when you're hiding from a shooter in your school and the foreign exchange student keeps on crying american students: first time ?
will you tell the cat bullying is not okay
meanwhile at the isis strip club
lol this isn't the first time we've lied about gas emissions
latinos will do anything to get into trump's america
safe sex isis style
fucksake, this porn hasn't downloaded properly
don't be a horrible driver or this could be you
trans-sports allowing medicore male athletes to finally become champions
just ate . pooped . now time for netflix
stop making fun of our peaceful religion i will pray for you
just because she weighed as much as two people, that doesn't mean that you had a threesome
allah has clearly said in quran ch. no. 45 verse 78 aayega to modi hi
young boy picking cotton
when you call shotgun but the cops put you in the back anyways
friendly reminder: a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
when your uber driver arrives but you're probably safer driving drunk
flowers for martin luther king day
the fishing was so bad even the liars didn't catch any
whats wrong with your skin? why is it like that?
"the squad?" more like "the gang of four!"
all aboard the jew jew train
black friday sale
you're the goat
chelsea clinton... so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
they have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one!
when you find a girl that accepts your holocaust fetish
and then i said, mr. president there's no walmart's in north korea only targets
and just like that fox news and trump stopped caring about the caravan
whites and dogs they smell just alike
''dont cry because it's over smile because it happened'' -dr. seuss
never take a man who takes a lot of selfies seriously either he's gay, thirsty, arrogant, or needs attention like a female
donald trump making his supporters laugh at a rally
just a moroccan gentleman playing on on his guembry
bruce jenner's dog
be happy if your baby was born healthy they are a blessing
i love driving
meanwhile in mexican schools
this is the worst cancer i've ever seen
obama voters
boys are the devil
muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security
a natural beauty
your chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe
when all your peaceful solutions fail you know what old problems require old solutions
thats a man baby
i didn't do it
felt cute might pray later, idk
koran class with the rohingya people
a black man invention ''
you say islam is violent? i will kill you
virgin mobile
it's hump day!!! oh fuck!!!
when the cop sees a black kid
archeologists stone room
don't mind me just watering my muslims
historical spacecraft explosion
luigi got big tiddies i don't support faggot
putting bows on your pet
we love your political correctness and tolerance it's our greatest weapon against you!!!
the most racist people are the ones crying"racist" all the time!
first living witness to testify against hillary clinton
her: i work with special needs children me, trying to impress her: i'm retarded
that look when you want to speak to the manager
but islam can radicalize muslims muslims are not terrorist quran 8:39 "kill all non believers till the only religion is islam"
when white people learn that fish swim in schools
when an indian man marries he scratches the dot off his wife's forehead to see if he's won a gas station, a motel, or a subway restaurant
when you go back to your shitkick hometown for the holidays and the smell of meth and cow shit fills the air there's no place like home
you can take the trash out of the trailer park but white trash will forever be white trash
for just ten cents a day you can help feed these children
the pope at the vatican
smile no matter what your going through
there is no such thing as an appropriate joke that's why it's a joke
good guy police officer actively participating in community outreach
don't do crime or you'll be in prison like me
there's a joke in here somewhere? a indian a socialist a smeller a mistress a homosexual and a terrorist lover walk into a bar.
i don't laugh at my own jokes but we all know i'm hilarious
womens day gift packs
when the cop sees a black kid
brace yourself disappointment is coming
adults should understand this is a hijab, a big part of my culture
protesters throwing smoke bombs
you find it offensive, i find it funny... that's why i'm happier than you
pace secondary [heritage trails] women don't let the female looks fool you! realistically, these are retarded male homosexuals wearing women suits!
kills: 17 million , deaths: 1 fucking camper
why does the human-slave keep stealing my poop with a tiny shovel?
when an indian rapes 3 tourists from 3 different countries mr. worldwide
why do all the mexican foos who work lmaooo at t-mobile look like this
i'm starting to understand both the appeal of and the demand for sex robots
that chicken is so black it owes child support
active shooter at a walmart in tx targeting only hispanics. armed white people
my sense of humor is so dark it picks cotton
fuck that puto!!!!
roses are red, violets are fuck i count to potatoe, then to firetruck
ready for my job interview
when people keep calling you a terrorist, but you identify as a firework
"transgenderism" is a mental illness, is sociopathic tyranny not an "identity" mandating public acceptance
good morning gamers let's go kill some trannies
is white or black said no veteran ever!
how chevy guys go muddin how ford guys go muddin
is it just me or do idiots multiply quicker than normal people?
dont drink with him he cant hold his liquor
i don't see "color" or "race" because i make sure to surround myself only with white people
these cute head tilts
hmmm... who shall i arrest first brennan, clapper, comey or obama?
bitch, i can still smell his nuts on your breath
it isn't islamophobia when they really are trying to kill you
"enjoying in beach"
you did the reich thing
this guy just friended and unfriended me 45 times in 15 seconds anyone know him??
monkey face monkey attitude
robert mugabe:" it's better for a man to be stingy with his money because he hustled it...... than for a woman to deny you a hole that she didn't even drill.."
i'm here as a messenger to give you a message you can't kill
i am not a racist i just don't appreciate being mouthed off to by farm equipment
when your teacher roasts you and your homie but he doesn't know about the bomb that's going off in 2 mins
family trip in mexico
man you know i want these memes
"when the gunman realizes that nobody else is armed, he will lay down his weapons and turn himself in. that's just human nature." that woman just went full retard!
im gettin white girl wasted tonight
i thought you liked me talking shit in bed! her: him: yes,but, "eat my pussy like it's watermelon you nigger!" is not okay , katie
just found out steroids make your dick small
wear a full burqa and nobody says anything change the cloth to white and everyone loses their mind
when the bass drops just right
i love pudding pudding my dick nhere it don't belong
when you max out intelligence and put nothing on agility
the one piece of shit that just won't flush!
cold beer on a cold night
i saw her standing there and i told her she had three beautifull children. she did't have to get all pissed off and threaten me. it was an honest mistake
mean a thing, it does not if that swing it ain't got
a girl asks her mom, "why am i black and you're white?" she says, "the way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark. "
you sicced all of your corrupt  goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean. now it's my turn to send my justice-seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons let's see how you all come out!!!
don't blame me fuel was expensive
damn jews with their fancy strollers
notice the difference talk show host vietnam war hero
when you finally graduate in a school in the usa
no samuel, the star does not mean you're sheriff now
these video game armors are getting pretty ridiculous
gangster gettig shot
child survivors of holocaust
i'm not racist ... some of my best ffriends are brown
this could be us but you bought a ford
what happened in auschwitz is inhuman
i'm a parasite, also known as a zionist we zionists are a cancer unto the nations
fine, i'li keep calling them seagulls.. ...but, beach chickens sounds better
i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
that feeling you get when people from the uk start talking shit
obama said he had no prior knowledge that hillary clinton had a secret, private email server in other news. obama used a secret name when sending secret emails to hillary's secret private email account
me when someone asks me what my weekend plans are: this old girl needs a nap
just taking a nap at walmart
when you see all the dems pushing "medicare for all" it's simply them "lowkey" admitting that they dont like obamacare along with the rest of us
when you try to catch a dark type pokemon
group of people rescued from medditaranian sea by italian coast guard
how sad it must be for supporters - believing that scientist, scholars, historians, economist, and journalists have devoted their entire lives to deceiving america, while a reality-tv star with decades of fraud and exhaustively-documented lying is your beacon of honesty
when your girlfriend tells you a dry ass joke but you want to get some at the end of the night
your black neighbor after you called the cops
my favorite animal is carrot
even though our people make it hard for us to help them we still love em because we know they were conditioned to be this way
when it's your 1st cake day and you really wanna blow that candle
excuse me goy do you have a minute to talk about the holocaust?
if they raise theirs and destroy our flag are they really people we want here ??
our insurance we know it was dark and you didn't see him
i am not racist i just don't like brown sugar
how transgender kid and his family roll up to the court ruling about adding a gender inclusive bathroom to the school
when i see other adults pouring wine and they only fill it half way, i'm like... ...okay, one of us is doing it wrong, and i'm pretty sure its you
i work hard to provide for my cocaine addiction
make christianity anti-semitic again
you will never see refugees from america. when things turn to shit, we don't run to another country. we dust off our guns and fix it
"a wiggle never hurt anybody." dorothy donegan (april 6, 1922- may 1998)
a beautiful family
both guilty of murder guilty ambassador pleaded for help and obama ignored his pleas
whites without blacks blacks without whites
i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
ladies! if your man is offended by this he is a faggot. end of story
your deportation bus has arrived
when you're jeffrey dahmer and you get asked.. where you dumped the bodies
3 years ago american class american trash
portrait of a psychopath
did you know . if you hold a person underwater long enough they stop being an asshole
terrorist: islam me: what do you do? terrorist: slam slam my car car into people me:
'' i'm gonna be a tranpa!
4 ways to boil vegetables
child in poverty with empty water jug
whenever a white gay compares their struggle to that of a black woman well yes, but actually no
its ok, let them in only a few will kill
meanwhile at the isis strip club
i love listening to music
power of christ does not compel this kitty
getting stoned in america can be expensive in my country it is free for everyone
"blue power tie red power tie white power tie"
doesn't own a computer can still play minesweeper
it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
so you listen to rap music but you're offended by "baby it's cold outside"
this is how a snake's mouth looks from the inside, i think everything is clear now
gays on their way home after pride weekend
california wildfire made millions homeless
if they steal this one i'm buying a horse
white children raped by muslims must 'shut their mouths for the good of diversity' says corbynite mp naz shah sack sicko labour mp naz shah
europe has been peaceful since they left the middle east has suffered since they arrived coincidence?
last time i checked.. i played army as a kid, not air force
when you have so much cocaine but nobody to share it with
schnazi the dachshhund "i have eliminated the chews"
being conjoined isn't easy
how muslims see us staring down the barrel of a .45........ how we see muslims
scientist have found that caucasians share 99.9% dna with us
wherever they go destruction follows
if there is no race it can't be homicide
tham that's methed up!!
90 percent of indians are idiots: justice markandey katju
apparently you can get a pull start on your dishwasher, who knew
when both ya girl and ya side piece cycle come on... y'all hoes friends now?
hitler eating dinner
portrait of a psychopath
if your man is offended by this then he's never been hunting
ratchet strap
traditional african tribe
i see no difference
brows can't be rushed just like a mustache can't be rushed, you'll end up with too little or the wrong shape
your pug is cute as hell that's my son
this is what it's like to be gay in iran
will you hurry up and die you chocolatey little fuck i'm fucking starving
all races are equal
pedal pedal
things white people do mass shootings smoke meth fuck their family members fuck animals steal from blacks lie about being racist suck as sports
this is the muslim brotherhood
leave no dog behind
islam is a religion of peace behead those who mock islam
manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem...
never wear gloves when operating rotating machinery retard
i don't always play golf but when i do i go balls deep
the left can't meme because the left is a meme
when your little car bomber brings home his first girlfriend
my liberal privilege kept me out of prison
when you realize you put your dick in crazy
white people worldwide need to know that south africa is a template for europe, america, australia, canada we jews control all white countries media & education
when you tryna not be islamaphobic but that dudes backpack a lil too bulky
cholos be like happy veteranos day ese
gets ready quickly takes nein hours
rise of the planet of the apes (1963
where's kaepernick? i need my car washed
someone get me out of here
they gone be feeling on my boooooty
obama trump pewdiepie's wedding
when you're discussing serious libertarian issues and a trump supporter pops in to agree with you
prize the real, not the imitation tranny men as 'women' women as women are fools gold are real gold
absolutely haram absolutely halal
politicians before elections politicians after elections
when muhammad goes in dry
look son another terrorist attack by peaceful muslims!
san francisco bans plastic straws, but will still provide plastic needles for its junkies
together we are stronger
but i'm happy in my little home the world changes around me
ah, i think we may have found the problem you appear to be a person of colour
life handed me lemons and i fucked them.. now my pee hole burns
visit germany before germany visits you
are you feeling well? is there anything i can get for you?
the jewish are strong for having survived this
when you stick it in her ass and hit a rock hard turd a duel!
influence elections? you mean like encouraging illegal immigrants to vote?
locked my keys in the car at the abortion clinic it was so awkward going in and asking for a coat hanger
impeach and deport ilhan omar "this is not going to be the country of white people. -rep. ilhan omar (d-mn)
when the serb kid starts talking mad shit
ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
my empathy for the suffering in gaza does not make me anti-semitic, nor does it make me pro-hamas or anti-israel. it makes me human it makes you a shill accomplice for hamas and hezbollah terrorists! if you don't see that,.. it makes you stupid!
you know what grinds my gears? niggers
me thinking about lunch 5min after clocking in
chevy guys be like we just got done muddin' ford guys be like we just got done muddin
what do you call a nun in a wheelchair? virgin mobile
when it's finally self car day
the white house is a dump because trump filled it with trash
49 people were killed at christchurch muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
when your little one brings home a new pet
new seatbelt design: 45% less car accidents
nice watch you got there david thanks, my dad sold it to me before he passed
our forever first wookie
be sure to spay or neuter your spouse today
brother.... a day without a blast, a day wasted zakir naik
i saw a black man carrying a tv i rushed home to see if it was mine nope, mine was still there, polishing my shoes
ahmed i love you too
what do you call a mexican without a car? carlos
retarded you are kill yourself u must
give me high five
don't be rude, folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
the best thing about pulling a transgender. you know it will do anal
when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i can't
logan act arrest him now john kerry is now a treasonous pos
russia #freesentsov #freekolchenko
every woman need a good sucking vacuum cleaner
muslims muslims
meanwhile at the isis strip club
hahaha good one let's burn 6 million to celebrate
i'd rather push a chevy than drive a ford
welcome to europe our government told us that diversity makes us stronger and we should adopt their culture
6 million lampshades never again
make america great again!!!
i see dead people they call me on the phone to complain about trump
this is my neighborhood after a great community event we tried to keep it clean !
how sad your life must be to put all of your hopes and dreams into this "man."
how dare people make fun of our peaceful religion
illegal caravan we got this!
i hurt my knee the other day but still gonna go christmas shopping
my body my choice
if you lick a woman's clit for 20 minutes she will revert to factory settings and all's forgiven
for heaven's sake, somebody get her more barbecue sauce
the first annual mohammed-a-thon
when your son claims he can lead the troop
1 little, 2 little, 3 little ni99ers
chase you? bitch please, i dont even chase my liquor
they struck our colors and raised their own if you are not pissed, then you are part of the problem!
hey muslim eat me!
she said i couldn't go fishing coz i had to mind the baby.. challenge accepted!!
survey: are you gay or straight? me: lidentify. as tired. i'm just tired
they stole ma chickin i stole their life
when duty calls!
when the special ed kid drops his penny
good luck hillary don't blow it
i just realized we know we don't want him in the same bathroom with our wives
i'm really feeling it now
sponge bob queer pants
so, you think by being a a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you ? you are a special kind of stupid
when latinas are mad at you this how they sleep
i said a glass of orange juice not just any juice
when your friend has been posting suicidal memes in the group chat all day then you hear an ambulance drive past you did it you crazy son of a bitch you did it
every hour a warrior fights alone call your brother
it is time.. to meet king arthur at the round table
men are like dogs we're excited to see you... and have no clue what you're mad about
trans women are women, trans women are women, trans women are women, trans women are women, she still gotta get a prostate exam at 40 tho
i like a good shower don't jew?
white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
my milkshake brings muslims to the yard, and they're like .. allahu akbar!
enough with the nazi jokes.. they make me fhrerious
never forget united we stand
whatsthe difference between heroin and i? cops think twice before shooting heroin
don't defile the lineage given to you by your forefathers do what's right, keep it white
when you ask for advice and they tell you to just be yourself you want me to get naked and start the revolution?
when the exchange student from america pulls out his assault rifle "we don't do that here
hmmm... let's see, what kind of conspiracy theory can i get those white trash followers of mine to fall for next ?
good morning gamers let's go kill some trannies
when your put in fb jail ..but your not... even sweatin cause of your back up account
need a hug ? i love hugs
when you have fashion show at 8 but you have to be in auschwitz camp at 9
deport illegal immigrants? let's start with white people
because of this guy i have multiple profile disorder
orange jews 100% concentrated
looking for peace praying for peace
a little bird told me it is going to be a beautiful day. i ate it
love is love respect
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
marks left by a chevy marks left by a ford
how to get a black guy to see his baby
dropped my phone on my face and now it looks i got into a street fight
think pedophil hould be execut
put'n the "ham" in mohamed
four years for your bachelor's? i've worked 60 for my masters
hey volks...im back ? did jew miss me ?
when you bout high as fuck !
look dad im doing it you did it tyrone!
dam baby is that ass a school? cuz i wanna shoot some kids in it.
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
you will never see refugees in america mistreated when things turn to shit, we welcome others with open arms, dust off our guns and try to help
"no, this is no good. you could fit a mexican child through here
if this is banned in islamic countries, shouldnt this be banned in western countries?
thinking before robbery
happy cinco de ported!
protect gays rights
muslims did this islam is not a religion! it's the world's largest death cult christian girl: killed for refusing to convert to islam this is islam
i'm free mos it's just texting
"vieques u.s. territory march 2019" constant military bomb explosions!! "
black pastors are the new house negroes the gatekeepers of mental slavery
i might be an asshole but at least i push my cart back to the cart return when i'm done with it...you lazy piece of shit
genuine dumbass mexican
holocaust makes me sad!
jesus christ may have 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish. but adolf hitler made 6 million jews toast
when you drop your care package and someone else takes all the loot
"a wiggle never hurt anybody." dorothy donegan pianist
gonna go outside #yolo anne frankly i thought she should have stayed home
72 dead in syrian chemical attack ha... rookie numbers
obama voters
to my followers who are in my notifications regularly i see you, and you're awesome
i do not want to hear anymore about gun control from a person who is making it easy for iran to obtain nuclear weapons!!!
i'm proof that even the dumbest student can one day lead the democrat party
my religion is the religion of peace if you don't believe in it we will kill you
i did the math we can't afford the cat
when you sleep with a jewish girl
when you're trying to keep eye contact but her cleavage game is strong
today taxi tomorrow freightliner
a good american is a dead american
most people see a junkie meth addict i see a punching bag and a $10 blowjob one man's trash is another mans treasure
i hate when walmart doesn't have what i need
the fuck you mean "do i smoke?" i smoke more than a jamaican bonfire
ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
what's burning?
good morning sleepyhead
so you're against immigration? splendid! when do you leave?
pray for the starving children while i hold this gold thingy
meanwhile at the isis strip club
if i become a superhero would i be an ex-men or a trans-former
a muslim party
anything that doesn't belong to them black people
when you and your best friend hate the same person
got a new slow cooker today
those fucking idiots
most of ya'lls baby dads look like this and it shows
trust me the muslims wont rape you now
feeling cute may go out with my cousins later
one of the most sold items this holiday season!
come here girl let me smell yo butt
lawdi what wrong with these cherr'n?
yall ready to eat!?
oh i pissed you off? suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole, it's what i do
never trust women
once a year women go completely crazy for about 365 days
venezuelans are being marked with numbers to stand in line at government supermarkets 1832 this is what democrats want to bring to america
jew mad? fuhrererious
when you're doing introductions on the first day of class and your teacher makes you say 3 things about yourself an arm like a damn rocket, a cock like a burmese python and the mind of a fucking scientist
walking away from the bathroom after accidentally eating some gluten
it wasn't my fault my truck has tranny issue's
when you and ya partner see an unarmed black youth
when everyone loves your beautiful smile
what does a baby from auschwitz look like?
i will find you and i will kill you you black bastard
me: you wanna watch porn or golf? her: porn: you already know how to play golf
exclusive footage of barack and michelle's 1st kiss
oh, he's using you for sex? stop bitching, sex is awesome. complain when he's using you for laundry ..or a human shield
when you ask the jewsih girl for her number and she starts rolling up her sleeve
when you haven't stolen anything, used snap benefits or been loud at the movies for a few weeks
i eat ass
rock. paper. scissors throat punch!
these are not the terrorists terrorists want to brutally murderer you for being human. i do not.  you're looking for
now thats a picture of a brave individual
don't mind me just harvesting memes
on ur way going to d church, u see someone beating ur mum like dis what would you do?
when you spam your friends with kdrama and kpop memes i'm in the middle of gracing you with a divine blessing
when your girlfriend says treat me like a princess
dashing through the grass im coming to rape your ass
clint eastwood and michelle obama
the muslim plague is spreading like herpes
housing, free gas, free electricity, free healthcare and free education for my wives and children. to show graditude for your generosity, i'll groom your 12 year old daughters, blow up your trains, planes and buses and preach hate through a dawah stall in your local city and town centres with the purpose of turning your generous country into the same shithole i originally took refuge from, allahu akbar!
and god said let's make kittens soft and warm, like fuzzy hugs and put tiny razor blades on their feet
meanwhile at the isis strip club
when you consume too much trans fat
2 years of trump in office: 37 indictments. 8 years of obama in office: 0 indictments
me: puts bag of popcorn into the microwave. everyone at the senior center :
authentic lunch in venezuela
your family story is waiting to be found at incestry.com
too young to drink coffee
literally me on social media *respect womens* me in irl *bang dishwashers* *respect womens*
2011 gt3 rs with a rebuilt tranny $157,876
samuel l jackson wearing a hat
sandwich law: no sandwich is complete without bacon
keep us safe from rats
lost african tribe
hey captain mexico are you able to leap tall trump walls in a single bound
when the cops ask to look in your niqab but they legally can't
then she said, "go with your other bitch!" bitch! you are my other bitch!
hey muslims kiss my american ass!
when you can smell shit but you're not sure if it's his arse or your hands
banging a squirter not fun for a gay man
once you go black so does your eye
hold my hookah pipe! when it comes to interracial marriage too many of our brothers are not marrying our sisters
even casey anthony cared enough about her daughter to vaccinate her
domestic abuse is not a laughing matter
whats worse than a female driver?
under the name of multiculturalism we let terrorist into this country
im this pretty because make up works miracles
do nothing about global poverty while sitting on golden throne and holding golden stick goes to heaven spend more than half of his fortune to fight global poverty goes to hell go home logic..!! you are drunk
get the camera out of my face!!
it's a beautiful day i think ill skip my meds and stir shit up a bit
if this terrorizes you and this doesn't something is very wrong with you
when you're at a party and no one wants to talk about fishing
how a woman tells society she is single
she's chilling with her new purchases
in norway we rape after dinner
the face you make after you just finished your morning prayer
when you look in your neighbor's yard and see an illegal immigrant mowing their lawn
albanians taking a photo
*lands plane successfully as planned * everyone at the twin tower:
stephen miller, architect of the policy to seperate children from their parents at the border. the jew with the soul of a nazi
mississippi wind chime
when the kush so good you lose chromosomes
i wanna see the most fucked up meme. lets see what you got
from no child left behind to no child left alive
ernie exclaims loudly "allhu akbar!" as bert banks towards the city's airspace
when your annoying neighbours are mowing their lawn suddenly when you go out to finally sun bathe
blame other countries for having no culture rape women everyday
how you show up for the pta meeting when you know your kid has been a little shit
donald trump proving you don't have to be poor to be white trash
you mean to tell me you have so much clean water that you shit in it
a toast to the good life
arrest white babies before they become school shooters
"the master race'
then something amazing started to happen! last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids
you knew that was the wrong hole you're goddamn right i did!
when you look at your check stub and see how much federal and state took you raggedy bitch
end gun violence now
that face you make when 17 of your schoolmates have been shot dead and you're about to go on tv
this goat is so raw muslims are trying to fuck it!!
they still think i'm not a muslim they still think i'm a chick
i'm tired boss mostly i'm tired of doing time in fb jail because snowflakes get offended over everything
"your majesty, what's the secret to a long life?" "well kate, don't leave william for a fucking muslism."
hey dad can i have a car? hell no, son you can not
and you think confederate statues are offensive?
bitch please go back to england
vietnamese people be like hand me da meat hammer so i can torture john mccain's bawrr sack
lets erect a memorial to all the americans murdered by an illegal alien make it 1,500 miles long 30 feet tall and put it on the southern border
so, 2 gay guys walk into a bar and pick up a tranny
when your goats have sex before marriage
symbol of stupidity
just heard the term "non-binary"... wtf, not only do i have to be tolerant, but now i have to learn a new fkn language?! " now i have to learn a new fkn language?!
it's hump day!!! oh fuck!!!
world history in one sentence. these white men are dangerous
when you tell her to get ready to go, but you're just going to walmart
this red copper flipside can fit six wieners inside it just like your mom
when you pick up the wrong suitcase at the airport
when your dishwasher breaks so you give it a kick to make it work again my kids watching me beat my wife:
"never forget" -you said.. i am the proof- you have forgotten
when the russian investigation... leads to the democrats
you need some jesus
when an asian bitch says " you'll never find anyone like me"
go ahead, call the cops they can't un-rape you
these are kids, these are pigs please dont get us confused
the new space saving dishwasher you can hang it anywhere!
sorry white guys but i only date black guys
im long and strong and down to get the goat hump on
wanna impress me bitch jump in the air and stay there
one of the bullets they dug out of a victim from the orland gay night club shooting!
if they were really fighting for our frreedom this is what it would look like
no difference between both
baby bear gets arrested for being too cute
back in my day we didn't have cell phones
welcome to the generation where mental illness is glorified
when the jews found out it really wasn't a shower
when you take halloween a little too seriously
a short history of my snack regimen
old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
children at a muslim pop concert why are people attacking us?
when hoes backwash their drink
being muslim doesn't automatically make you a terrorist
we as american condemn terrorist attacks to our country
do i look like i give a fuck about your butthurt? how 'bout i butthurt my foot up your ass?
we will rebuild
are my sins forgiven now, father?
i'll be saving my resolution for 2019 i think i wanna be an asshole for 1 more year
burning them was a horrific event in the history
why isn't there a black guy in the clue board game? because then it would be called "solved"
money can't buy you happiness but hookers and coke don't make me sad either!
just got out of the pool wants to go swimming again
you can be any gender you want if you are mentally ill
muslim terrorist, spy anti semite the poster child of the left
an artistic rendition of jesus
all people in this world deserve help
mandatory vaccinations '' no exemptions
and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
when you start second guessing why you started the fight
this is my michael brown
im confident in my own skin
can you see the difference?
that blood you donated could be in someone's boner right now
corn shit lemon piss
so, 100 americans and 300 russians walked into a mg 42
dad, what is humanity? i don't know son, we are zionist
doesn't matter what clan we all need to stick together
fuck christians... fuck the bible... and fuck jesus christ
michelle obama was voted one of the most beautiful people of 2015! by who? the national association for the blind!
last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
hitler posing to a recording of one of his speeches
broken dishwasher for sale or rent
immigrant problem problem fixed
tfw your friend says that kirk is better than picard
when your wife wont have sex, but your 16 year old step daughter just came home blackout drunk.
when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch disconnect from your soul
democrat jan schakowsky defends ilhan omar: 'she comes from a different culture' where they want to kill all the jews
this one time at camp someone had too much gas
when you want your passenger to stop talking
dont drink with him he cant hold his liouor
algebra and geometry are fine, but graphing is where you draw a line
hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number i'll gas your baby
it looks like it was ultimately obama who was behind the entire plot to undermine the trump presidency. muslim plant forget the russians, here is the real enemy!
they laughed when i said that i will drain the swamp they're not laughing now !!
rotissified
oh look, men
dude you've got the ugliest dog i've ever seen
when you accidentally wish "sweet dreams" your diabetic friend
"comedian" sarah silverman says pro-life laws "make me want to eat an aborted fetus" then one day for no reason at all they started putting people in camps
what do you get when you cross a pedophile and a pirate arrrrrrr kelly
in 2011 trump said, "all americans are idiots" in 2016 they proved it
hurry up son, the owner is coming
rollin' they see me hatin' they be
hey muslims eat me!
when you're dedicated to working out everyday
"look dude a second hand store !!"
when did you two get married again?
meanwhile.. back at #nevertrump command center
white people just nasty!!!
minnesota rep. ilhan omar (d) calls to defund homeland security well she is a terrorist so.
that look you give when dressed to the t
maybe the catholic church protects pedophile preists because the last time christianity shunned a pedophile he started islam?
stop racism black children and white children are the same
how to put a refugee baby to sleep in less than one minute
democrats, 1961 ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country democrats, 2018 free sh*t!
how black people became christians
sea monkeys
when you walk in on your goats making passionate love
happy president's day mr. president!
then they gave me a crown of thorns and whipped me it was so hot i came twice
the constitution applies at the border too! stop illegal searches
i am happy to work with animals
the entire world: the great war killed millions germany: you gotta pump those numbers up!
when you don't need a squad bc you are the squad
dont talk about him because hes gay shut up bitch
i hate cupcakes and women
when white people learn that fish swim in schools
when your baby is small enough to fit in a shoe box so you take advantage of cute baby pictures
meanwhile at the isis strip club
when you hit up a white girl to match and she pulls out a needle oh no baby what! is you doing??
gravity? never heard of it
when you find out a brown man talking to your sister
adorable african kid appreciating life
all muslims are terrori but all terrorists are muslim
see this? it means furfags not welcome!
her back must hurt
not sure what's in the fridge, but this dishwasher is about to get a big load
when the un adds another million to the holocaust death toll ''
you know the macarena by heart
"the master race'
is it offensive to ask a pregnant jewish woman if she has one in the oven
if you see me in public looking a hot mess, just know; my bills are paid, my children have food, & i ain't trying to impress you
what hitler did was not just homicide he commited genocide
rest in peace
meanwhile at the isis strip club
if i was uncircumcised i'd hide candy in my dick skin so when a girl about to suck me up, she has a pleasant surprise.. oh my god, skittles
bubbles of fun !
patrick kenneth x scandal lebron james
beep beep motherfucker
roses are red, violets are fuck i count to potatoe, then to firetruck
when schools out for the summer
mr. wilson you have to take your pill with water you can't crush it up and snort it off my tits
even i can see  duke sucks
questioning america's support for fascist israel ... is unacceptable
you're a rapist, you're a rapist, all mexicans are rapists!
how you feel when your a blacksmith
be greatful for the clothes you wear
flowers for martin luther king day
this is not the middle-east where america is hated and muslim terrorist are born in michigan
if trump gets elected, i'm leaving the country! like and share if you think i should leave
when wwe has a ppv in world war ll germany incineration chamber
the pimp hand strong enough for man but made for teaching
me and styrofoam... yup...both white trash
if you're not grilling at my grave site we were never really friends
moses was the first to know of the 10 commandments
removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye
the annual gathering of the female amputees club the beach was literally crawling with pussy
oh sweetie it's a little late for that new york is it though?
show me a better date. i'll wait...
epstein was found unresponsive in his jail cell a nurse then attempted "life- -saving procedures "
still waiting on my uber eats
what's black and screams? stevie wonder answering the iron
isoroku yamamoto: i just attacked pearl harbor hitler: what why would you do that? isoroku yamamoto: i'm gonna be honest...i'm kind of retarded
i don't always listen to socialists... ...but when i do, i buy more ammo
bro you didn't go through extensive childhood trauma? that's pretty cringe
i like to keep my xanax in with my tic tac's fresh breath and a fresh attitude
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
whatcha thinking about? wind speed and direction, humidity, distance, drop rate
when you stuff your jewish chicken before you give it a good roast
when you insult an edgy kid
here's to you obama, your transgender agenda helped me fish out all the mentally ill on my friends list
we have enough thoughts and prayers please send bobs and vagine
hey, you
the world calls it: love god calls it: abomination
what do you mean "your chair" i don't see you sitting in it
drink responsibly? shhiiit... responsibility is why i drink
here's all you need to know about men and women. women are crazy, men are stupid. the main reason women are crazy is because men are stupid
help refugees
this isn't even my final form
rebuilt tranny blew a tranny automatic tranny
i'm not inturupting anything personal, am i? yeah niles, we just eloped i'm your new mom. well, i'll be a son of a bitch
now there's a guy
im white trash and im in trouble
"those that attack one muslim, are attacking all muslims" those that attack one american, are attacking all americans!!
oh god!... when will this white fuckers understand this is not their country
blackpeoplemeet.com
the first president they can't control ....and they don't like it!
stop asking! we don't have to tell you where the money went collected $13 billion for haiti built 6 houses laws are for little people
what in the cornbread hell
when you're fuhrking her from the back and she says "i'll pay the gas bill daddy."
you're in the wrong neighborhood motherfucker
when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it. i can't
what if i told you blacks should not vote
tell me this... did we ever see obama's school records, his tax returns, his social security records, or his selective service records?
im ready to have some fun
when you catch your goat running from the farm ya done fucked up
commander! our transgender battalion needs reinforcements!
i came out of your what!?
my gynocologist says i can't have sex for 2 weeks what did your dentist say ?
black people then black people now
deep the stupid runs swallow your mother should have
everyone else's butt vs my butt
so you follow politics and think only the other party tells lies
monkey blood
hot wax really whack
i suppose a sandwich is out of the question?
anne frank smiling
helping a child in need
my fragile heart at my sex drive - stay back, slut
for someone somewhere in america today will be the last day they have ten fingers
you sick... freak!!!
got a new slow cooker today
this is what vitiligo looks like in african males
muslims zombies both carry a virulent disease that transforms the host into a mindless, irrational, and above all violent creature
what's the deal with the palestinian people? there's no palestine and they aren't people!
everyone jews why does the world hate us ?
manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem....
education $1000 a child's smile priceless
me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
why is kinder egg black outside and white inside? because if it was black inside, the black would steal the toy
to see better, asians sometimes switch to fullscreen view
after 3 million years of evolution we still love to relax
likes to play games with friends favorite game is called "child soldiers"
lock her up and throw away the key
who said i couldn't do it ?
"a group of fish is called a school." americans:
how women win an argument
jesus is love, and he welcomes all homosexuals into heav.. don't be decieved! homosexuals will not inherit the kingdom of god!
excited little girl enjoying her new wheelchair
this sunday.. don't forget to set your clock forward one hour
never again
when the weed man throw in a little extra
islam without all the liberal propaganda
when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
god : *creates women* humans : *creates dishwashers* god :
father holding his newborn daughter
a dictator.. emphasis on the dic*
i don't understand i thought we killed everyone that had dirt on us
hey canada....!!! your getting a wall too you fucking snow mexicans
hillary clinton caught telling the truth! april fools!
why is the first one not judged but the second one offends? nuns don't randomly explode
in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. here i'm free to talk trash about this country in hopes it changes into a country where i'm forced to keep my mouth shut
i am a gamer not because i don't have a life but because i hate women and minorities
#usher and i have something in common we both got burned
what's the difference between a walrus and a lesbian? one smells like fish and has a moustache and the other is a walrus!
farmville 1943 deluxe
having dinner after a long working day
when someone starts acting all friendly, but you already know what they really are
racism is realizing that these are not the same species
never related to something so much. pro ductivity crastinate
transgender nibbas waiting for the signal light to turn red so they can start begging
let me remind you i brutally beat my girlfriends there is plenty of evidence including a police report. i'm still #2 at the dnc and my party is silent about the matter
when you tease your husband in public
the number 1 cause of islamophobia is the behaviour of muslims
chocolate melts at 86*f
this is how y'all look defending trump don't touch my garbage
i see! '' ''
this is what it's like to be gay in iran
you get nothing, you loose! good day sir!!!!
we haven't t seen any new jesus appearances on pancakes in a while i hope he's okay
damn video games
what pelosi is saying in a nutshell if you don't allow unvetted immigrants to illegally enter the country we'll take away your guns
bitches are like stitches pick on them and they open up
goat yoga is becoming very popular
when you haven't stolen anything in a week
this is how lesbians have sex
islam is the religion of peace! if you don't agree i kill you!
hmmm, wonder if i can get a couple of them muslim sex slaves!?!?!
not all black people are criminals
i had a little broblem at school today, but i solved it. -oh, and here's your gun back
here will soon be a painting of a beautiful quran
when u forget to lock ur basement door and ur pets try to run away
why do muslim woman wear a mask it's easier to hide their fur
what does a baby from auschwitz look like
fuck islam b===d~ shit on mohammed and koran
whydo keep these liberals fight to and fight to kill these
welcome home sodomite time for eternal suffering
just found out about racism i like it
your black neighbor after you called the cops
when you see your goat with another man
oh, you're tired of my anti-trump posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
i wish i was your baby.. so i could spend 9 months inside you
when the squad is about to get lit.
jewber: uber for jews
laughs in 52% of us crime rate
"look at the plane, it's your uncle samir *was"
it's sad obama you had the chance of a lifetime to build a bridge, so we could all walk across it together instead you did everything you could in your power to divide us and make us hate one another, yeah, you built that!
always love your mother even if she's batshit crazy
if jesus rode ass why do christians hate gay people?
when liberals defend islam they defend beating women, killing homosexuals, rape,pedophilia, murdering babies, and beheading christians!
maury show for on my way to the the 8th time
why does a bride wear white? to match the dishwasher, stove and fridge
just because someone is here illegally doesn't mean they broke any of our laws
when each letter is a mental disorder
how i see kim burell everytime she grabs a mic!
modern japanese '' ''
together, my brothers, the islamic state will rise
sometime you gotta feed people some bullshit just to see who they run back and tell
i put the "ape" in rape
what women think they'll do when the economy collapses vs what they'll actually do
when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
automatic tranny rebuilt tranny blew a tranny
do you have any idea how black you were going?
this is what happens when you don't spank your kids..
i don't always trust democrats... but when i do, i trust them to steal my money, spy on me, cause the cost of living to go up and sell out my country
i'm trying to decide if i should start some shit today or not
i'm so patriotic i piss red, white, and blue. the doctor told me it might be pancreatic cancer. i told him to shut his commie mouth
why do black people smell bad? so blind people can hate them too
do the goyim hate me because i am a subversive parasite with double standards? no, its because they are anti semits
we have to exterminate all gays
just waterin' the dirt
transgenderism used to be the subject of psychological horror films now it's the new normal and if you don't agree with the psychos... you're not normal
every chocolate girl needs some beating
why do asians have eyes like this? isn't it hard to see?
we talked about it i agreed dinner would be ready on time in the future
only in america could these people consider themselves the "master race"
a muslim walks into a gay bar. bartender: what will it be? muslim: free shots for everyone!
damn, that's hot!
voting for hillary is like letting casey anthony watch your kids because she's not guilty
public lynchings took place in the u.s. less than a century ago
it's messed up you can accidentally make a baby but you can't accidentally make a pizza
racing for pink slips in africa
look your dad fucked goats.. i capped him...sorry..
dat ass ahmarbkrich*d
four years for your bachelor's? i've worked 60 for my masters
when you have to take another picture for mom
america has stolen the jews the jews of god. his jewelry. the negroes they are the true hebrews. google it
i'm going to hate the way i sound i guarantee it
oh, i pissed you off? well suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole, it's what we do
cammed corvette starts up mustang pisses itslef
when you pull up and yell "kobe" and the shot actually goes in a part of him lives within me, doesn't it
what i say about the gunman every time there's a mass shooting
this sunday... don't forget to set your bomb forward one hour
for the love of god change that diaper on your head, the crap is leaking out
stop crying that was only one finger
survives ebola thankful to see another day
the weekend be like
i agree hi 5 bro
dad, dishwasher is loaded again '' ''
i tried to play uno with my mexican friends but they kept stealing all of the green cards
saddle up motherfuckers it's time to play cowboys & muslims
what would i do if she was pregnant
why u add me troii no trolls allowed !!! you the feds?
send him to... meowschwitz
dont mind me just watering my muslims
humans run the world don't sleep on us
andy, she's a nut!!!
when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
you either die an idiot who can't spell or you live long enough to see yourself become a grammar nazi
and just like that democrats hate mueller more than trump
its white it's a house what difference at this point does it make?
men are such pigs, i hate them all why can't i ever get a date, i'm so lonely
i just chased 25 000 high paying jobs out of new york imagine what i'll do for the rest of the country
i am the biggest piece of shit in london!
when you get pulled over and you know your license suspended
jerry nadler's back on tinder
how a black woman can fight crime
sweet jesus we're delicious
i never get a straight answer for this ''
the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasio-cortez
from here i will see muslims fuck up europe, attack innocent people & europeans waking up
charlie sheen after his tigers blood kicks in
when you've finished with your life of crime
who would win? ching-chongs one eggy boi
meanwhile at the isis strip club
enough with the nazi jokes, they're making me fuherious
i love pancakes
do you have any idea how black you were going
quick... they're escaping from the cake!
i don't always see muslims at the public swimming pool but when i do, i always tap this sign
sea monkeys
boys are the devil
every time your girlfriend enters the bathroom you take 4 shots
when you walk in your room and your uncle is naked on your bed. this is where the fun begins
chinese people be like happy thanksgiving
why yes i'm part indian i'm from the smackahoe tribe
when you catch your goat with another man
jussie smollet taken at gunpoint in maga country
i like to hit on women with black kids because i can guarantee they're single
puts on sunblock doesn't protect from harmful rays
welcome to the future
oh lord jesus happy birthday
that shit's gayer than sticking your dick in an exhaust pipe
i wish i was there and had my gun to help them
marriage is simple your wife does whatever she wants and you do whatever she wants
this is my neighborhood after the mexicans moved in. welcome to the future of america
i know you like her son, but you can't just pull a girls hair... until she's 30 or so. they actually come around on this one
when you ask your dad who is a retired drill sargent to build you a ginger bread house
dark humor is like food not everybody gets it
companies when pride month ends
the deep-state is about tobe barr-becued
why aren't the needs of children everywhere being met?
never forgive a people !!! who $old your babies then made you love theirs
when your asked about the feature film and you get this look. all right, then. keep your secrets
"we demand our city be made a sanctuary city for illegals!" "they are trying to send illegals to our sanctuary city!!!
perfect girls don't exi-
dad: we need to tell you something.. your mother and i are siblings alabama kids:
israel israel is mak ko hijau mother of terrorism
what did you hear on the wiretap, barry? he said he really is going to make america great again
cheers to all the people who can change their minds when presented with information that contradicts their beliefs
hey kids for a good time dial #666-hot dawg
my friends and i dont shoot eachother in the streets like most people do we do it in schools, because we have class
nein shits given
mexico first america last
we destroy the world and kill a lot of people. know the history and learn from it
you see this pig? it's called muhammad
i went to walmart and picked up brand new shoes
talking to your ex be like why you always lying
holocaust jokes arent funny, anne frankly, i'm getting tired of them
i'm making fuck off pie today 1 can of nobody cares, a dash of kiss my ass, add some fuck you's, stir, then shove it up your ass. now fuck off!
last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
look dad im doing it you did it tyrone! you stole your first bike
how i feel when i pick germany in a world war 2 game
and just like that liberals didn't want illegal immigrants in their sanctuary cities
no islam in europe go home
it hurts the poor muslim's feelings? well, whoopty doo... this aint arabia meathead
rare photo of two us soldiers held up in japanese war camp
when you save it because you thought it was just burnt up
pedal faster patrick, the owners are coming
whats the difference between ray rice, kareem hunt, tyreek hill and the man pictured here: he played 14 game seasons
looking forward to a night out
no i dont want to kiss you i don't know why my girlfriend is mad
no border walls and no voter i.d. laws... ...figure it out yet??
don't judge me for what i wear omg i was thinking the same thing
smh kids these days rely too much on technology
newly elected muslim u.s. rep. rashida tlaib "because we're gonna go in there and we're gonna impeach the mother***er. '"
friends tired of your politics? here is a picture of a kitten you can share
sometimes, i crunch up my jizz when it dries and i bring the white powder to parties and watch people snort my cock sand i do this all the time
this is a snakes mouth it looks like a vagina
islam: how many more are we going to have to murder... ...before the world realizes that we are the religion of peace?
michelle is very jealous she didn't get a yummy hog dog to eat
some people did something again.
here's a painting of a handbook for terrorists
what's worse than ants in your pants? uncles
maximum concentration
human rights and democracy english style australia 1904
53% of white women voted for trump 53% of white women should look like this
america 1962: we're going to the moon! america 2017: building a wall is impossible!
enough is enough children are more important than freaks
this is the world if transgenderism and homosexuality never exsisted
israel we teach, terrorism,sir!
sometimes i feel ugly but then i think of my sister and get over it
morgan freeman has been old my entire life. 2000 2017
so like, why are men even gay? girls have buttholes too you know..
the face i make when they still believe in the holocaust being real and have no idea ww2 was started by the zionist jews to bring back germany under jewish control
what is the difference between a hockey player and a feminist? a hockey player will shower after three periods
i win again! parkinson's center
you can kill muslims but you can't kill islam
not all feminist are this extreme
i told them to get chick fil a . but it was sunday
waters on trump: "impeachment first, prison next!" do you think the president colluded with russia?
when you have to stand very still bc there's an active shooter
if they don't like it here they can leave!
whats worse than raping a def girl? breaking her fingers after so she can't tell anyone
ain't no allah back girl
looking at you your condition is improving
let me show momma what i found
fought in iraq war died at 34 started iraq war on lies made $40 billion profit
not on my watch
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
yeah bitches 6,000,000 kill streak
what would i do if she got pregnant
holy shit look at the gas bill
skinny guys are outdated get yourself a fat fucking retard
what if i told you common core was purposely designed to be confusing and frustrating so parents will look ignorant and children will get confused and feel stupid because uneducated kids who've been programmed to depend on the state for answers make much better conformist debt slaves in the future
makes offensive heidi crowter meme looks "down" in shame
i had a dream but james earl ray had a remington
how long can he run? till the chain tightens
you used so much oil bp is already claiming they weren't involved
for the love of god help me change the diaper on my baby the crap is leaking out
the face they make when you've left the "plantation" and you no longer think like them
two jewish women saved by solviets from aushwitz concentration camp (circa 1945, colorized)
when you have no stress weighing you down
how can i accept trans people? if they can't even accept themselves
muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019
no image
predatory behaviour james charles bye sister
i hang a sock on my doorknob so my roommate knows not to come in because i'm busy fucking the other sock
when you get a cute new haircut just before pitcure day
america be like never forget get over it
my husband is always pushing me around.... and talking behind my back
i got 99 problems and optimisim
a moment before threesome:-
the bigger the head, the smarter you are
if y'all only knew it be the baddest one on that shit cocaine users weed users
orange is the new black
farm equipment and livestock don't mix
kylie's pregnant i'm gonna be a tranpa !
wait, mohammad come back!! i didn't mean to laugh,really size doesh't matter to me lol
"las cosas mas gratis" (the most free stuff) in case you missed the debate.... free stuff! more free stuff! even more free stuff!
when a white person sees a black person being arrested our people are safe
come and take it
most people are just mediocre minded cowardly conformists because its comfortable & simple i'm not one of those people
when you find someone with the same taste in memes
i don't see whats wrong with him other than he stole that wheelchair
nein shawty its ya bday anne frankly i hope you celebrate it with bae
the ku klux klan killed 3446 blacks in a span of 86 years since 2016 blacks killed 1891 other blacks in chicago alone
i came to fingerpaint and fuck and im all out of poop
how men who ride crotch rockets check on their pizzas
rich theft '' ''
i love anal, but my sister hates it
this is my watermelon. there are many like it but this one is mine
what happened to my damn balls!!
whoever photoshopped this is a huge jerk
trade you an already fucked chicken
oh boy can't wait to clean myself up in the 90065 showers that the guards are taking us to!
left the kitchen too many times
selfie time
look, mom! it's a faggot!
why isn't my drain working? probably cause the pipes black
iran is going to attack us even if we have to do it ourselves
when your friends no matter how different you grew up
let's play the game of flags
if he were a starving child i'm sure he would have a different sense of humor
last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
migrants in paris migrnts in sweden liberals in america
quick, which one is a bb gun? oops, too late . . . you're dead
on my way home had a hard week
apparently the british public can't put their finger on the problem
"yo bro ask the c.o. why he ain't pop my door"
they call me a goat because i am the greatest of all time
ethnic jesus
much butthurt, i sense in you
i might not be good at sucking cock but i can put beavers outta work
me. saving refugees "nice try"
where's my water?
1 in 10 people live next to a pedophile not me, i live next to three gorgeous 13 year olds
how much did the holo cost
nancy pelosi doing her impression of the dying democrat party
black girl with green contacts? bitch, stop it. you look like an xbox
oh my god... i'm never drinking again
we said we would never forget why are you voting then into our government?
hey guys wanna buy some magic?
that's enough facebook for today  this sammich isn't going to make itself!
years after this event we have strong women of color in congress and it can only get better
girl out here looking like a gallon of arizona iced tea
the guy above me fingers his cat
"ay,tone. so da franks was transferred to multiple camps. shouldn't they have whacked her da first time? doesn't seem very efficient."
when you turn on the light and realize you have been fisting the wrong hole
hanging your panty's out to dry in the sun because the dryer can't dry this out !
when you die for getting 72 hoors when you realise all are goats
when the black kids start fighting at school
but wait there's more
save the environment kids fuck that gay shit
when you catch your goat with another man
muslims claim noah was a muslim and noah brought pigs on the boat? happy sinday
world history in one sentence. these white men are dangerous
who were the fastest readers in the world? the 9/11 victims cause they went through 87 stories in 10 seconds
when i grow up.. lol nevermind
mission: get out of bed status: close enough
joke time! 3 muslims walk into a bar.
when you shoot up the school and somebody else gets blamed for it we stand here amid my achievement, not yours!
old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
how to get a black guy to see his baby
how christians act in a religious discussion
well, it was tough getting this community up to standards but were alwhite now shadowy place over there? but what's that dont talk black to me you little n ewborn african
when the squad is about to get lit.
companies when pride month ends:
roses are red, grass is green pls show bobs and vagene
sandwiches we can do it !
mess with me and you mess with the whole trailer park
we are in a civil cold war with the bill of rights on the line! so wake up!
teach your kids to drag race and they'll never be able to afford drugs
how mexicans be like... when they hear their friends kid is having a birthday party
adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
i hate buffalos they ruin my land
meanwhile at the isis strip club
this makes me puke i want justice for all of them
what the people deserve: the right to love who they want the right to equal pay and respect the right to become a citicen and work hard like the rest
made rice krispies way before kellogs
hi hacker bro we are muslim brotherhood
all this rich history and people still don't understand that sikhs and muslims are different people
jewish privilege running all the banks and fleecing us with their usury white privilege getting blamed for the world's problems by jewish supremacists
will you tell the cat bullying is not okay?
greetings tranny time to die
i beat children
imagine a group of people filled with so much hatred they have to make laws making it illegal to hate them
cannibalism
how cops subdue whites blacks see the night and day responses
the holocaust is a sad moment in history
his legacy , destroyer of the greatest nation on earth his weapons of mass destruction seated now in congress, socialism and sharia law a deadly combination to any society,,
this is nahir born in germany. nahir is german. this is fluffy born in america. fluffy is american
class! class! listen! daylight savings ends today you must move your clock forward one hour
slave salesman:*slams hand on head* this baby can pick so much fucking cotton, only comes in one color tho
when cops see an unarmed black youth: "i want every gun we have to fire on that man."
black guys when her ass is fat asian guys when her titties are big white guys when she's your step sister
i'm taking my clock to school
if he's marrying me then why's he fucking a goat
are u a wizard?
stirring the pot good job!!!
when your teacher has a monotone voice
whites and dogs they smell just alike
you don't have a cat? this is your lucky day! i'm moving in!
the cast of the view heading out to protest trump
want to rape, steal & murder with no moral repercussions? then islam is definitely the religion for you
what do a bicycle and a nigger have in common? neither works without chains
whats wrong with your skin? why is it like that? oh you're black? thats pretty cringe
grab her by the.. nevermind
when your mom tells you to clean up your room but you just cleaned it
nationalism is beauty feminism isn't
why can't we spend money on education instead of drugs
dodge owners be like don't take a picture
i guess it's all ok to demand that president trump release his taxes i received $16 billion in 2018 to fix my rat infested shithole district in west baltimore and i never did it.. asking me where the money disappeared to, makes you all a bunch of racists!!!! but i guess it's not ok to ask this guy what he did with baltimore's money
beats by dre beats by tyrone
feeling pretty cute might blow something up later....idk yet
islam is the religion of peace! don't believe me? then i will blow you up
over heard my daughter telling her friend she was curious what it would be like to date a black guy so ... i showed her!
asked for romantic sex sticks a lit candle up my ass
i want to be inside your lady garden gnomesaying?
see? i fuckin told you a little foil on top keeps them juicy medium rare is best
ok perhaps nigger
refuses to do it doggy style because she doesn't want to have puppies
ultimate terrorist lure position decoy and wait
when you forget the bomb codes
i will kill this white man ooo wwe fans
10-year-old me: *is in gifted class* *reads at a high school level* *is pretty good at math* *has a bright future* depression: i'm about to end this man's whole career
black no felony cereal no milk.. keep it going
when your 8 year old wife isn't home but your goat is improvise. adapt. overcome
got a new slow cooker
you'd be angry too if you just found out your goat was cheating on you
when karen helps u camouflage the crackhouse
talks about good morals day and night gets a boner from looking at a goat's ass
nice tes content nigger
when all your peaceful solutions fails you kno what old problems require old solutions
when your goat tells you she ain't on the pill
sea monkeys
you can say a lot of bad things about pedophiles but at least they drive slowly past schools
how long can i run? as long as i'm selling records
we've been at peace with japan since 1945 time to make peace with islam
we had a minor gas leak
every man needs a decent coffee maker
knock, knock. who's there not this bitch ( obviously )
the porn again christian
you can be any gender you want
when the school shooter accidently shoots the autistic kid but doesn't know that the tard strength makes him impervious to bullets
sorry white guys but i only date black guys
when somebody ask's a jew why they are jewish.. "i think of myself as above the average person "
yes sir, i voted for donald trump
women are like monkeys they don't let go of one branch until they have a firm grip on the next
white people be like : inside outside
felt cute.. might delete later!
women deserve equal rights
same
looking at you sorry no cure
if you make a camp to help kids with adhd is it a conentration camp?
did you know your dishwasher is also capable of washing your motorcycle?
flights now offered directly to your office
when fat white girls sit on the toilet
loving parents
you hated george w. bush for his illegal wars and assault on civil liberties but you love obama?
monday at skul after watching sarafina
trayvon martin update ever since he turned white, he stopped being a criminal
year in review: 2017 black sellout of the year goes to...... clarke whitlock ray ray trump pastor sheriff
what do you mean being funny isn't just saying hoes mad?
the best part about a prostitute dying on you is you get the second hour free
this is really out of mein kampfert zone
note to self. if she is a squirter wait till it warms up outside
"islam is love!" ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah, if you're a goat ***
they say there's safety in numbers tell that to 6 million jews
show me your bare naked ankles you dirty whore
does anyone know where i can get a rag? there's 49 of them on the floor in a mosque
when all the younglings are cornered in a room this is when the fun begins
a young girl holding a gun
when buslim nibba see his sister
when you haven't stolen anything in a week
shutting the fuck up is vegan and gluten free you should add that to your diet
this was the text i sent my sister fwd this to 10 ppl or u will die in a car crash before she died in a car crash
the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour ocasio-cortez rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
guys out there can spot fake jordans, but can't spot a tranny this newport tho
fact: ethiopian food is so rare that locals dont even eat it ethiopian food
for no reason here's an image of bacon and cats
selfish people never notice how you live and die, they never notice your love and care towards them they notice when you left them and they realise they can't use you anymore
stop racism black children and white children are the same
no means no unless she says yes then it's on
what are they fighting over? is it: a) the last pan ducle b) he accidentally touch the homies hand passing a beer? c) foo used the last of the three flowers. d) homie said "i got you on gas" but he only has $3!
i was craving five guys before it was a restaurant
trump's transgender military ban is the best thing ever share if you agree
i have a dream thats me with the belt
"one mans trash is another man's treasure" is a great quote but, it's a shitty way to tell a kid they're adopted "
"democrats have a difficult time connecting with voters because of how smart we are... because we know so much." ~ sen. mazie hirono (d hi)
fuck off muslims! suck pork not sharia compliant a looney allah production
how to pick up jewish chicks
unless life also gives you water and sugar your lemonade is gonna suck
trump be thinking.. you can't lose in 2020 if there is no 2020
in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. but here i i am free to talk trash about this country in hopes that it can soon change into a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
i love this game
muslim +hunt = less muslims
him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: thats the oven him: oh..
the results of putting a starbucks next to an outdoor basketball court
you said you would be on my side
haters
what if i told you the on-ramp is designed for you to reach the same speed as traffic before merging
there are the apes that i helped to save
if you ever feel down just remember there are people that are down their whole life
so, you think by being a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you you are a special kind of stupid
wait, mohammad come back!! i didnt meah to laugh, really size doesn't matter to me lol
want a spin ?
opens inbox "lemme suck your dick" goes to profile its a tranny
me cis girls
you can't be racist if there is no other race
how your booty feels after the taco bell drops
when you hear monsanto lost its 1st round up cancer trial and the jury awarded the victim $289 million dollars... ...and thousands of cases are still awaiting trials..
america first rag heads fuck you people trump 2020 you are the enemy of the people
when my autistic son finds out we're having chicken for dinner
women rights in islamic countries
when she said all men are dogs
i wish jew a happy brithday
what's missing from a_schwitchz? u
opens ice cream shop only sells shakes
they've started pouring the foundation for the obama library in chicago
i'm not racist, racisim is a crime. and crime is for black people
when i was in high school i got braces a friend told me, "you're so black, even your teeth are behind bars,"
when a white person tells you happy cinco de mayo but you know deep in their heart they eywant you deported @sepasanmemes fucker
jew: *walks out of the shower* hey man, can i get a towel? auschwitz guard:
if homosexuality is genetic how does that get passed on?
i hear in heaven i'll fuck muslims
oh boy i freaking hate niggers
dis one time at concentration camp i got such bad gas
i have 5 genders no. you have a personality disorder
what if i told you transgender is actually a mental illness called delusional psychosis
my black flag brings all the goats to the yard, watch out, i'll put a bomb in your car and the're like "allahu akbar" i could teach you, but i lost my arms
i'm deporting all mexicans!!! except the ones in baldwin park you fuckers are crazy!!!
when you're in heaven and you got your 72 virgins but allah lied about that one goat!
girl: i'm a transgender. boy (tries to impress her): i'm mentally ill too!
hahaha good one let's throw a jew in the oven to celebrate
on ala akbar i will fuck ur goats
this is islamic ideology stop the islamization of our countries
allah akbar! next thing you know everyone is dead  
allah? pig fucker!
you said islam is violent? i kill you!
best thing about an ethiopian blowjob ? you know she's going to swallow
modi ji: i am about to end these muslims whole life *muslims burnt 59 hindus alive in sabarmati express in 2002
whats th difference between dollars and jews? i'd give a fuck if i lost 6 million dollars
ahmed has 3 apples. he gives muhammad 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast
these holocaust are very offensive! anne frankly, they need to stop
not old enough to choose own bed time or daily diet but old enough to choose to be trans or gender fluid or non-binary or. 
i hate everything about america. so i am going to move there to bring it sharia law the real reason for most muslim immigration
buddhists on islam: "you can be full of kindness and love, but you cannot sleep next to a mad dog. if we are weak, our land will become muslim". -buddhist ashin wirathu
muslims kill 1,300 people in 20 days and nobody bats an eye one man drives through 10 muslims and everyone loses their minds
this chemical is called #astrazine monsanto hired me to find out if it changes the sexual orientation of straight frogs into homosexual frogs... and it did. they then pump this same chemical into the waters of the ghettos in the u.s
you know why muslims hates pigs? because they fuck donkeys!
when you're shooting up the school and the autistic kid takes his glock out to join you we weren't expecting special force
allah akbar! islam is the only religion where shouting its "slogan" makes people think they are about to die in a terrorist attack
whats black and screams? harvey price answering the iron
black people are underprivileged so if my baby is black i'll be sure to get an abortion
bro pls bro stop being bihari bro you're fuckin annoying and gay bro pls bro
hello satan... they are mocking islam!
we kill you on 9/11 and you elect 3 of us to congress stupid infidels!
africans be like -"we were fine killing each other for land" "until the white man showed up, killing us for land"
for the last time, we are not trump supporters!!! he says "relocate mexicans" we are saying "exterminate mexicans"
feminism: because bitter, ugly lesbian need attention too!
all muslims are a danger to americans! ban them all! except the rich ones who spend tens of millions at my hotels and condos, of course!
i am sikh and tired of being called muslim! we're the 7-11 people, not the 9/11 people!
he might be retarded but he comes with a bottle opener
complains about islamaphobia hates jews, christians, atheists, gays, your culture, your traditions, your country and you
reminder: every refugee we let in and give social housing to means one extra homeless new zealander
a transgendered 4 year old is like a vegan cat we all know who is making their lifestyle choices
blacks are the only race to practice, "love your enemies!" no other race practice's it more in the name of religion look at the condition of their people and look at the condition of blacks
white people cracker power the only race you can legally discriminate against!
for a jew nothing is more insulting than the truth. the blood maddened jewish terrorists murdered sixty-six million in russia from 1918 to 1957" - alexander solzhenitsyn
getting stoned in america can be expensive in islamic country, say you're gay and get stoned for free [dark humour] so progressive
how do i like my eggs? same as i like my niggers beaten and separated from the whites
and someone was outside yelling they were gonna rape and kill everyone inside muslim immigration is literally that stupid #islamistheproblem
what's the difference between harry potter and the jews? harry managed to escape from the chambers
"do you like your juice cold?" "no, i like my jews well done"
on my way to run over w*men and minorities
homosexuals get beheaded so the men cover themselves up
"jet fuel" "arabs with boxcutters "
the clitoris has around around 8000 nerve endings but still isn't as sensitive as a white male liberal on the internet
q: hey filipina, will you ever marry a filipino? a: nah, no ugly filipino seeds, only rich white daddies please!
latinos for me! that's like roaches for raid!
when you argue with a black person online i'm gonna do what's called a pro-gamer move
all muslims are a danger to us citizens! except the rich ones of course
just because your islamaphobic doesn't mean they don't want to kill you
i wanna destroy radical islam!!!! will you help me????? yes = hell yeah!!!
in order for the black man to live the negro has got to die death to the negro
when a white person tells you happy cinco de mayo but you know deep in their heart they want you deported. f u c k e r
genocide is like christmas it's more fun when it's white
islam is a cancer treat it with radiation
smash gender stereotypes all men are potential rapists
jews did 9/11 truth is antisemitic
for the many not the jew
does anyone know where i can get a rag? there's 49 of them on the floor in a mosque
what do you call a a retarded jew? auschwistic
"dammit i said "glass of juice" not "gas the jews!!"
"the only way to end racism is to kill the racists." -oprah winfrey yeah-she means white people
there are 33 genders man, woman, and 31 types of queer
this lamb is so raw our islamic customers were trying to fuck it!
so i told the rag head keep your dick beaters off my goat
look son, there in england more peaceful muslims blowing people up
i found jesus in prison i raped that mexican hard
jewish supremacists playing the role of victim while they victimize everyone on the planet
i eat ass & dicks with my wahabi brothers
well, they're lazy good for nothin' tricksters... crack-smokin' swindlers! big butt havin', wide nose, breathin' up all the white man's air!
i'm not saying shes a slag but she's seen more japseyes than an asian optician
please, ' 'share' this piggy he upsets muslims
behind every goat is a happy muslim
american cops when they graduate police academy let the black man come forth! let murder be done upon him!
da look dog gave mina after they fucked that tranny together
what do chevy trucks have in common with their owners? they've both blown a tranny.
it isn't islamophobia when they really are trying to kill you
you can't spell rape without ape
i am not racist i had a black dog once, we named him foodstamps
afghan muslim men make him look like a girl so they can have sex with him! he is just a little boy! stop the abuse
how do you get a nun pregnant?? have the altar boy shit into her pussy
white men are the biggest terror threat except for my white boyfriend
"babies aren't actually people" "jews aren't actually people" "it's not murder" "it's not murder" i had an abortion
girls are like jelly beans they're all good. except the black ones
if yo ancestors came to america on slave ships yo ass is a israelite
yeah if the lazy mexicans could quit raping everybody that'd be great
i'm sorry, barack but my new transgender law applies to michelle as well
i just bit a muslim now i have to lick my ass to get the the taste out of my mouth
transgender when just being gay doesn't get you the attention you rightfully deserve!
wants to stone gay people to death dresses like a drag queen
girls after killing a cockroach boys after killing 7 million jews
i'm not sure about abortion on one hand it kills babies on the other hand i hate black people
abdul, you moron! i said "bag the oat and wheat"! not "shag the goat meat"!
if i had $10 for every gender only got $20 in my pocket
runs away from his shit hole of a country because of islam establishes islam and turns new country into a shit hole
i don't always go to black peoples garage sales, but when i do, it's to get my stuff back
the first rule of deaf club.. nyou nu not nalk amout nef glub
by allah you had better say islam is a religion of peace or i'll kill you!
i fucking hate dog shagging islamist cunts
just try and keep me bannned nigger
call me a hater if you want but,.... ...when is the last time you saw a photo of anyone but a muslim holding a human head?
when all your troops are freezing in russia so you burn 6 million jews to keep them warm
israel must be destroyed no you scumbag piece of dogshit, daughter of a syphilitic pig you will be destroyed
when you raid area 51 to find aliens but all you find are mexicans
guess which one is which? 1. transgender; 2. suicide bomber or 3. a floor lamp
gotta run away from those niggers
mexicans are all killers and rapist muslims need to be kept out of the usa the pope is a stupid weakling the kkk? i'd hate to jump to conclusions
how do you know if a black guy is well hung? you can't fit your finger between the rope and it's neck!!
yessss muhammad fuck me like a 6 year old
praise be to the goat i fuck in the arse.. for his name is mohammed the prophet
this is why i don't give a shit what upsets muslims
you funny jew i kill you last
what do you call a mexican midget? a paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay
i'm not an islamophobe i just can't stand the cunts
me: i promise i'll watch tv with you quietly three commercials later ...the jewish press ...will have their lying mouths shut for them!
only black people steal yo shit and help you look for it and be like, where you had it at last!
joins the democrat party to indulge in deep seated supremacist proclivities. "helping" minorities also loves black cock
what we did to black people is pretty fucked up most of 'em still can't even read
i say woman of color because i want to be inclusive of all but white women
my black flag brings all the goats to the yard and they're like allah akbar and then i'll put a bomb in a car, i'd teach u but i have no arms
trans rights? the only trans i support is the trans-atlantic slave trade
my god will kill your god, kill all infidels, lets burn this place. islam is peaceful!!!
islamic extremists try to exterminate judaism for centuries and no one bats an eye hitler tries to do it once and everyone loses their minds
3 jews walked into a bar kidding it was a gas chamber
straight pride! becasue the human race will go extinct otherwise
life is like a bag of jelly beans nobody likes the black ones
whats the difference between a scout and a jew? the scout comes back from the camp
i have 72 nukes aimed at israel if these damn j'ws don't stop pretending to be white i will wipe israel off the fucking map
when your sister only bangs black guys and gets knocked up ...and you literally become "a monkey's uncle!"
if you say these muslim protesters are violent.. they will kill you!!
when you re out in public, and your muslim acts up the dirty jew
nobody wants to hang auschwitz me
when god grants you a child after 20 years of your marriage and israel bombs him few years later
gays on social media: equality! body positivity! love love love! gays in real life: there is no place for her in our social circle
having a bad day? you could be a siamese twin attached to a gay brother who has a date and you're the only one with an ass
i hate muslims too they take their religion too seriously pathetic weaklings
